Do not buy these! They break very fast I spun then for 15 minutes and the end flew off don't waste your money. They are made from cheap plastic and have cracks in them. Buy the poi balls they work a lot better if you only have limited funds.
Showed up not how it's shown . Was someone's old toy. with paint on it.
You need expansion packs 3-5 if you want access to the player aids for the Factions expansion. The base game of Alien Frontiers just plays so much smoother than adding Factions with the expansion packs. All this will do is pigeonhole you into a certain path to victory.
"This was to be a gift for my husband for our new pool. Did not receive the color I ordered but most of all after only one month of use (not continuously) the mesh pulled away from the material and the inflatable side. Completely shredded and no longer of use. It was stored properly and was not kept outside or in the pool. Poorly made, better off going to W**-M*** and getting something on clearance."
Received a pineapple rather than the advertised s'more
This was much too small for an average size child to bounce on. It was the size of about a punching balloon. VERY DISAPPOINTING.
"Don't buy this. Cheaply made. Hippos get stuck. Cover for ball storage does not attach securely to the underside of game so every time they pick it up, the cover falls off and balls go everywhere. Can't believe this game actually passed QC standards. You would think it was a 99 cent game."
Not so good ;-(
"Misrepresentation of their products per pictures. I didn't read the description closely, but they listed the item as a single model, however showed the picture of a battlegroup which included the model questioned. Pretty shady if you ask me."
Very difficult to inflate.  The valves are designed for beach balls not big recliners.  Totally disappointed.  Don't waste your money
"These packs are so overpriced for what you get, and you need packs 3-5 if you want access to the player aids for the Factions expansion. The base game of Alien Frontiers just plays so much smoother than adding Factions with these expansion packs."
Did not get charger or one battey
Terrible product. I followed the directions to the &#34;t&#34; and the gun has never worked. Complete waste of money with zero chances of a refund. DO NOT BUY.
Broke after two uses.
"Sadness! My daughter used her own money that she worked hard to earn on these bubbles that she has been seeing on tv, and they don't work. We can barely get any bubbles to leave the blower and when we do they pop instantly! Very disappointed. Wish she could get her money back to buy a toy without false advertising. Don't buy! Zero stars!"
Burnt through the balance traces and ruined 4 batteries at once.
Very disappointed. Expected a &#34;mega&#34; set only to receive this tiny set. Good for a 3 yr old.
We bought this item for our daughter to play with on a long road trip. She was never really super interested in it like the regular size magna doodle.  My husband and I tried it out and it sucks.  Whatever you draw lasts maybe 20 seconds. There is no need for the slide bar to erase because it erases itself. Super disappointed!
"For the price, it's great but it is a little loose when you put it on"
failed to function right out of the box. piece of crap. this was a birthday present for a four year old grandson and you can imagine the disappointment on his face. My son is a doctor and even he could not get it to operate. Send it back to China with all the other Chinese junk we buy.
Not what I expected.
"If I could give this zero stars I would. Partially my fault for not fully comprehending the description but also because this product was cheap. All but two were broken. Plus, there were three multiples in the set. Wish I could return it but my son already set his eyes on them and there is not taking them back. Also NOT FOR CHILDREN! Pieces are way to small, and the balls are way to hard.. Just waiting for one to get thrown across the room and shatter a vase."
gift
"i bought this chair for my Grandson and it kept folding up into him. Everytime he tried to sit in it, it would flip over. Very poor quality my daughter in law put it outside with a free sign on it"
Did not help at all and also very small...
"It has done NOTHING but sit in my window sill, grow mold on the toy lizard they sent, and nothing has grown. I followed directions very closely and still nothing. Not satisfied at all."
"Wish I would have read through the reviews before my purchase. The crown makes the headphones top heavy so they are constantly slipping off my four years old head. The sound is barely a whisper, despite having the audio controls to max, maybe as one reviewer mentioned I too got stuck with a flawed product. If there is other noise going on in the room you can forget about hearing anything through these headphones.  I am returning these and buying from another brand I purchased on the same order that work much much better and actually stay on."
"there is no box that reset this game, quality of this item is bad i didn't like it."
Based on the description that I read and the price I saw this looked like the big size car & I just got it today and its the tiny size car and the price u now have posted for it was not what I saw
"Do not order this!!!  I also failed to read the fine print and reviews thinking the price was for all 6 not just for one.  Even after ordering and reading the review, it was very hard to fine the statement that you will only get one."
"This doesn't function as any of the things it advertises. There is no way to get leverage as a bottle opener and the ears stab your hand. The keyring comes off with little effort. The tiny screwdrivers aren't large enough for most screw tops, not to mention if the screws are recessed more than 1 cm deep.  Im a huge batman fan and i love bat-merchandise but $10.00 plus 5 for S/H is not worth this."
"Package says 6, mine was open and only had 4"
"These are fake. They are flimsy, broken or broke on 2nd day. Some won't even close. My eldest son has a whole collection of real bakugans and these are nothing close to the quality of the real ones. Will be returning"
Not good for playing with dogs. Brittle plastic that breaks and splinters way too easily..<br />Very disappointed.
Sound did not work on tractor. sent back for refund. Thank you very much for refund.
"very cheap.  The binoculars broke the first day, everything else ended up being sent to Goodwill.  I wouldn't recommend it."
Disappointed with this puzzle. The pieces are very oddly shaped. Would only recommend White Mountain or Buffalo puzzles
"Absolute garbage, such poor quality and a waste of money."
came defective -
The item came with robin suffering from a loss of limb. These are the most fragile toys I've ever bought. Def not meant to actually be played with. Batman's jacket required a hot glue gun right out of the box. Ultimately the dog ate them. They're dollar store trash.
Balloons do not fill up. Shoot off empty. Don't pop. the product breaks when trying to use it. don't send the return intructions. Bad product
Was very disappointed with this game. I have the original and we have enjoyed it very much. The Decades version is definitely meant for the younger generation. It has too many names of musicians in it to suit the group I play with (older adults). Sorry I wasted my money! I gave it to a friend to give to her teenage grandchildren.
"Pointless waste of space in our home - my kids were so desperate to get this, and once we did, they played with it for a day before getting bored. The beads don't stick together well at all, and then I'm left finding all the tiny beads that rolled under the furniture. I'm throwing this away as soon as school starts!"
"Amazing. These are like totally invisible. I know I received them because the packing lkist said they were in the box with other items. Couldn't see them, couldn't feel or smell them. The ultimate hidden treasure."
Small
"This lasted about two hours before two of the wires shorted out on one of the booms and fried the controller.  Now I have to remove everything and send it in to be tested before they will even think about replacing any parts.  The Hobbytown store I bought it at said too bad, call the manufacturer,  not our problem.  Don't buy!  Update: Firelands sent the replacement parts, took hours to install, still doesn't fly right, going in trash right now.  Might as well throw $100 out the window.  We bought a Syma X8HG for $135 on Amazon, and it is AWESOME.  Both my sons have them, my older son has the cheaper one without altitude hold and we love them.  The X8 series starts at $58 believe it or not, and they are MUCH, MUCH better quadcopters.  The Ares is JUNK compared to the Syma!!!"
"I received a notice that it was deliverable -  because I wanted to take them on a camping trip, did not try to reorder - I was very disappointed .  I may try again in the future, I do know that it is a fast and fun game."
was cheap looking.
"I never did get it to fly.  Eveything worked, but the electric motor would not run.  I called the company it came from and they wanted me to try some different procedures to try to fix it.  About that time, my dog stepped on the wing and broke it.  Probably not returnable now!  Kicked the dog in the butt and the plane went into the trash can.  Another day in paradise!"
Arrived broken
"I just opened my Monopoly Zelda edition for game tonight. And I'm about to play but it is missing the Railroads a d Utility companies. (Bomb Shop, Potion shop)"
Fell off the bathtub and broke within a week.
The crayons arrived broken because they were just stuffed into the bottom draw. It cased a cloud on my granddaughter's birthday.
This item could not even be considered to be called a complete product for market. Out of 2 items received both arrived defective due to absolutely absent quality control. It would be a shame to be presented as a gift for fellow chess lovers due to poor craftsmanship. Made with poor quality from cheap unfinished wood pieces in first place this item does not worth time and hassle to go through return process. Garbage.
Great swing. My granddaughter loves it!  And it is a perfect fit for small people .
Poor quality
"waste of time and money. Buy a pair of inline skates or go to a skating ring instead, way better."
My nearly 3 yr old granddaughter is not as fascinated as I thought she would be when I read the reviews when shopping for it.  It's turning out to be an unused toy.
Omg this product is waste of money period it broke when it came it is made out of Styrofoam materials very fragile i will be returning this item its a piece of garbage
"Light comes on and off - and is incredibly frustrating...now have a tiny, useless, expensive car."
Low quality but for the price what should I expect? My son had a blast with this.
"Looks cheap  Arrived DIRTY inside the wrapping - cause for concern because i almost overlooked it, and we all know how toddlers put their hands into their mouths....  Everything needed to be assembled"
bad
"Product did not work, leaked water immediately after filling."
Really unhappy with this product. The frame of the car was partially broken upon arrival. This product totally sucks. Don't waste your time buying this!
"Very tiny, didnt even work as a cake topper. Majority of the eyes were cross eyed and looked as if they were on drugs. Not worth what i paid."
"These dinosaurs are TERRIBLE. The assortment shown is *NOT* what you get. Theyre cheap looking, several are ugly bright neon colors, some dinos are missing OR you get a duplicate, and to top it all if, they wont actually stand, which is guaranteed to piss off your kids. I was going to return them, but my kid found them first and, being only 2, his standards are low. But, within minutes he had a frustrated meltdown over the fact that they wont stand, and so any that didn't have 4 legs went in the trash. Which meant 6 of them. So now, I have 6 crappy, cheap dinos that I cant return.<br />Basically, dont buy these, they SUCK."
It breaks in 5 minutes.
Chintzy.
Way too olio expensive for what it is. Save your money and get a larger booster pack for the same price.
"These are terribly made -- the duster and mop fall apart quite easily -- the yarn is barely glued in place. Mellissa and Doug if you are out there, PLEASE do better!!  I don't know what to do with ours other than put it in the trash at this point (I have tried fixing, not possible…) which means more junk in the landfill, after only being used lightly for a few months -- terrible… Parents, please keep looking for something that will not only last for your child's use, but ideally that can be passed on to others before ending up on the junk heap… Sigh..."
These were not cotton.  We had to send back
"Bought these dice sets under the assumption that they were new, because, well, that's what the description said. The black set had no blemishes but the green set had numerous scuffs, scratches, dull points, and number &#34;touch ups&#34;. Don't know what to make of the seller. Just want customers to be aware."
"My kids love making loom bracelets, these were not the best quality, they start to break and become cracked as soon as they are put into a bracelet. Almost as if they were set out in the sun for days upon days and all they did was take them out of the bag and make bracelets. Absolutely none of their bracelets have kept for more than a few hrs!"
stinks like spray paint. quality of design is a -1
"First flight out , it broke. Where the motor sits in broke off looks like it was glued on before plus it was advertised as 3 megapix and was 2"
Don't buy this. Quality is like a dollar store stuff. Not at all worth the money.
"Had to re-order product twice and still isn't wearable. So this hat is a totally worthless piece of crap. It came bent, torn, and damaged the first time and even worse shape the second time. Don't even bother with this hat. It does not even look like the hat pictured."
It came broken the pen does not work. Waste of money.
Came broken and is unable to be repaired.
"The product pictured is not what you receive.  If you are looking for this exact item, do not purchase.  The package sent to us had similar pieces, but fewer outfits and many more accessories.  We were looking to replace an exact item that had been torn while trying to dress this tiny little rubbery doll in tiny little rubbery clothes (exercise in patience to say the least).  If your child is younger than about five, they will not be able to do this alone.  I don't review the item very highly in general, but the fact that I received a different item than pictured was why I only gave it a single star."
boat was great for 3 days. motor died on our 5th time paying with it. returned for refund
"Ok so this is plastic spaceship for a toddler.  I am not looking for German quality engineering here but this product is ridiculous.  The factory / designer made no effort whatsoever to calibrate their design so it actually works.<br /><br />Issues :<br />1, The space helmet has no way staying on the astronaut, the sizing is so off the sits on his head like he just grabbed the closes planter near by and called it a helmet.  Trying to place the astronaut in the spaceship with the helmet on is impossible.  There is not enough clearance to close the cockpit. So the helmet is useless, it just constantly falls off causing frustration.<br /><br />2, Ok issue number one can be explained by, oh son he does not need the helmet in the spaceship ok.....  However, the pilot itself it to large for the cockpit. A person really has to finagle and shove the guy in there to fit and for the cockpit to close.  Same goes for getting him in and out again  This is BS since the fundamental point of the toy.<br /><br />Dear toy maker, let me tell you the &#34;User Story&#34; for the product. Three year old using imagination play with spaceship and astronout having adventures.  For this the astronout has to be able to get in and out of his spaceship and travel to other locations and rinse and repeat.  What they should not be doing is getting frustrating with trying put together 3 pieces of outerly poorly designed garbage.."
Used it it looked good till I went to wipe off the overstay and all the paint wiped off
"Working on this puzzle now and will take forever.  The pieces are cut so similar and are so small.  It would have been better to make this a 750 piece puzzle and make the pieces somewhat different.  I am piecing by color and subject which is hard because there is so many subjects in this puzzle.  Also the pieces do not stick together so  hard to manage.  I was expecting the same quality as before on Sunsout  puzzles, but this one fails."
It became DIRTY
"cute to look at but the food slips right off. ... the ends are too narrow. Makes it great for stabbing the food, but not picking it up"
"These feel like solid rock. I know they are to look at,  but I didn't like that"
"My son loves to build (Legos, etc) and loves Mario, but was not very into this K'Nex system at all."
Chintzy.
All feathers falling out everywhere
Missing a hubcap wheel keeps falling off
there was a rip in it and it was not what it looked like in the picture.
The swing doesn't sit straight. It tilts more forward. The guard for protection doesn't go up far enough to get into the swing. Finally the lock on the guard is hard to open after it has been locked in place.
"This toy is HORRIBLE.  I bought it for my 4 yr old to play with and he got so frustrated when the legs fell off. We would no sooner get one leg on and another, or two, would fall off.  The ant is very cool and now that the legs, head and wings are super glued together.<br />I did get to glue it so that only the legs and abdomen touch the ground.  Such a waste for a really cool toy."
Only received one finger hand. I want a refund or the other 4.
This were complete garbage. Completely fell apart as I was taking them out of the package. Don't waste your time or money on these.
I was very disappointed. They did not stay upright. Only floated on their side  Would not recommend
I just received this and my one year old twins already knocked it over. This is so unsturdy. If a kid leans against a side at all the whole thing tips over. Very upset with this purchase
I wish that they would have had a size in the description!  Extremely small!  Probably a choking hazard!  Do not recommend ...
"There were 2 bags missing from our box. We called Lego directly and they are sending the replacement bags, but this was a gift and it was disappointing that parts were missing."
Terrible is all I can say. I was in a hurry and didn't read the review and wish I had. It is way to hard to reload and shreds the bullets which are not cheap to replace. We own dozens of nerf guns and his is by far the worst. I should send it back.
"The power cord came cut, so there was no way to connect the battery to power it on.  This was a gift, and I wasn't able to open it until my son returned from school, and by then it was too late to do anything about it."
"This should have been a beautiful puzzle.  However, no fewer than 6 pieces were missing.  The puzzle itself is darker than the photo on the package and this in turn made it difficult to identify pieces.  There was also relatively little variation in the shape of the pieces so that--in areas where there as no pattern to use as a guide (see upper left)--it was very easy to substitute a wrong piece for the correct one.  We were willing to put up with these last two issues given the beauty of the painting on which the puzzle is based.  But to find out that we were 6 pieces short after working on the puzzle for more than a week, was the last straw.  We'll stick to Ravensburger puzzles from now on."
I dont have any items
Finally had a chance on a summer rainy day to put this puzzle together only to determine there were missing pieces.  Very disappointed as it was a gift for neighbor!
"DO NOT BUY THIS.  Extremely cheap plastic, stickers come off easily, Stiff, Hard to turn. My son hated it within 10 seconds of opening the box.  Them calling this a &#34;speedcube&#34; is an outright lie.  It's the worst turning cube I've ever seen."
The lite  did not come on
"These packs are so overpriced for what you get, and you need packs 3-5 if you want access to the player aids for the Factions expansion. The base game of Alien Frontiers just plays so much smoother than adding Factions with these expansion packs."
"This is really not a good purchase at all. I bought after my kids played someone else's toy harmonicas and loved them. I thought these were they. But alas. It's too big, hard to play (I don't know if it really plays a tune at all), and I think the one I meant to buy was the hohner. Sorry, kids... Usually I like Melissa and Doug."
"It is tough to know where, or how, to start and so I will just create a list:  -When the bike arrived it had a huge black rubber tire mark on the frame that would not come off. This mark must have been from storage before shipment. We returned this bike, as we thought it was a one-time mistake. -The next bike we received had the same black tire mark on the frame. -The rear skewer was not included in the package. -After contacting Smart Gear they agreed to send the proper rear skewer and a new frame. -Smart Gear sent the wrong replacement frame. -Smart Gear finally sent the correct replacement frame. -Smart Gear sent the wrong skewer. -I sent the bike back for a refund.  Smart Gear's quality control is pretty bad.  While they were helpful on the phone, they messed up twice on rectifying the situation.  Really abysmal customer service, in the end.  We purchased another brand's balance bike. I would avoid any debacles and steer clear of Smart Gear, as it seems, perhaps, that they are too big to control how things are processed/controlled.  A really frustrating experience."
The main bucket was broken when I got<br />It
lol super over priced
Package was CLEARLY opened with four shopkins replaced. There was a long hair stuck inside of the package and there were two of the same &#34;discolored&#34; character shoved into a spot that was clearly not molded for those characters.
"Used in the tub about 3 times. Water got into it and it never played again. Sad, because it was cute and the kids loved it...3x"
The animals are very cute but 2 of the 5 I received had holes so leaked air and wouldn't stay inflated.
"too small, poor quality"
"Seems to be the same. My daughter received as a gift but I guess I should be grateful hers was missing parts, the hair dye to go with the stampers. She had fun with it for a brief moment but I don't think she will play with it again."
This is $20-25 more than you can get it if you buy direct from the WISH app.
This does not work & it doesn't have a return policy so don't waste your money buying it.
Is that a typo...$753.00 for a game that should cost $20.00 or less?????
"Arrived on time and looked great, however the air pressure needed to inflate the mallet forces the valves open so that it slowly deflates. It was fine for a one-time use but would not recommend for anything more than that."
Yo what is this. I just received my cards today and they are a smaller deck. No where near the 8&#34;-11&#34; size listed in the description. Really.... -_-
No much bigger.  To big.
Ball fell apart the first day and all the gooey white stuff came out. :(
The game description did not indicate that 6 or more players were necessary to make the game enjoyable.
Very poorly maked.
Sorry for this review very bad quality and I want advice anyone don't buy this product<br /><br />Best regards
Not the proper brand.
"Arrived smashed........ Box was in good shape, but product as broken. Would have been great minus damage."
Low quality but for the price what should I expect? My son had a blast with this.
This BROKE within 10 minutes.  From the beginning its apparent that the disc A) is VERY awkward and uncomfortable to wind- especially for an 7 and 8 year-old. B) The disc doesn't go NEARLY as far as shown on the package. B) to get it to go farther you have to wind it a tad extra and just when it started to work OK it BREAKS!  This is the worst investment on a toy I've made in a long time. $13 down the drain.
Recieved this item as a gift before which is why I placed another order ! This item was NOT what I received before !! The chairs were different !!! Not at all sturdy like the previous ones...tubes much smaller and do not hold adults&#62; DO NOT PURCHASE will be disappointed !!!
The item would not stay inflatted.
"Key does absolutely nothing.  Could be me; could be the key; could be unclear instructions...  Not worth buying.  Heck, not even worth keeping if somebody gives it to you for free.  Again, it could just be me, but I can make no sense out of the instructions, and messed with the key for an hour before I started to feel like it was a stupid waste of time..."
They did NOT glow when we activated them. Can you imagine getting ready to crush it in New Orleans with these babies only to be let down? Super sad. We were sad.
Rip off
I received a broken toy
Item cannot use in Singapore
Broke the first time kids used it.
The whole set broke right away.
I got this one for 14 dollars instead of the other one for 8 dollars because this had the gold and blood red colour as shown in the picture. The actual figure does NOT have the same colour but has the same pale yellow and light red colour. Should have gone for the cheaper option. The picture is deceiving.
"Terrible material!  After using for less than a month, already has mold spots all over it."
It isn't solar powered
Same thing happened to me as a previous reviewer.  No ejection charge whatsoever for this exact rocket.engine.  Smashed our &#34;Big Daddy&#34; rocket as well.
Still sitting in a pile of PEICES- way too complicated to put together!
Hard to make bubbles
The damn thing flew away after come home button was pressed.
"The table was chipped on the top when we received it, but I don't think it's worth the hassle to try to return it."
lol 115 bux
"I had real trouble with this!  Bought two of them....reached out to the seller but no response.  The problem is that the leash pops out and doesn't want to stay.  One of the boards did well, the other didn't do well at all and my husband tried to glue the leash into that plug but it wasn't a success.  I  wouldn't buy another, sad to say."
Base (bottom) has a hole that I can't find to fix.
This does not look like the picture I got it and was highly disappointed the horns were lopsided to begin with and the horns were oddly shaped almost like chicken legs if anything I felt ridiculous wearing it
"The package arrived on time, surprisingly fast. but the contents were not up to my expectations. There were only common cards and 3-5 of the same card, also cards in Chinese that are unusable. Out of all the cards I was able to use only about 10 of them. Sorry but I will not purchase again, even though there were about 50 extra cards in the package."
"This is a knock off version of James George's invention, it is not tuned properly nor does it contain the proper material and you will likely<br />be embarrassed in front of your audience if you attempt using this to fool people.  You will be far more satisfied with the original version as it is around the same price and of superior quality and retraction distance.  Be warned!!  This is a knock off of an original artists effect."
"I bought this pool in July and didn't get the opportunity to even take it out of the box until this past weekend.  When we set it up, the top ring apparently has numerous leaks and won't even begin to hold water.  I did not look at the return policy that it could only be returned for 30 days, so yes I was disappointed."
this playground arrived with no parts. They told us to contact the manufacturer and that they couldn't help us. Manufacturer doesn't respond to phone calls not emails. So we have $400 worth of wood sitting in our backyard. Not happy at all! Very poor customer service.
"ordered 2, one didn't work.  sent them both back.  not worth the money."
"Very disappointed.  I specifically asked if this puppet's mouth opened and was told yes, but that is not correct.  There is a hole for each arm and that is all.  The sound is very annoying.  I will be returning since it is not what I need and I was misinformed."
"This toy is worthless and junk. It worked initially but not very well.  It is NOT the least bit durable and sinks in water. I really want a refund. This was a gift for our 9 year old grandson and it is a huge disappointment. I wish I could post with no stars, but that's not possible."
I have the exact same feedback as &#34;Don't get scammed!&#34;  I did not receive ANY of the stamps shown in the picture.  I got four packages of the same six stamps.  They say 'super' 'good job' 'good effort' 'fantastic' 'a+' and 'please correct and return.' This is not what is shown in the picture and not what I need for my classroom.  I also plan on filing a formal complaint. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT unless what I have described is what you would like.
This was NOT at all the pump I received. A very cheaply made version arrived and broke in 2 separate places within hours of opening the package. I'm very dissappointed and am looking for a suitable replacement. I will NOT buy this product again.
C rating is not accurate.  Cells balance and charge but do not lift my 250quad and low battery sounder starts immediately.  I tried three of them and all the same.
Not a good product. Eyes don't work.I
It was broke when it got to my house. didn't have all the pieces. And it was a birthday present for my grandbaby.
These will fall apart and come unwoven in time. They are also sometimes difficult to tighten correctly. Not recommended.
"Ugh where to begin? I'm a HUGE fan of Ultra Pro Products (They are the only things I use for all my card games cards ,Yu-Gi-Oh, Magic, Force of Will, and Pokemon) this is really the first in all my years of TCG playing I have hated one of their products! I have wanted to double sleeve my Standard Size playing cards for a while and I bought these BECAUSE they were Ultra Pro. I waited and was so excited to get them but when I tried them on all they did was Bow my cards! They were so tight I bent some cards trying to get them in! I then bought The KMC Perfect Fit ones and although the quality of these may feel better then the KMC ones i'm certain that the KMC ones fit PERFECT on all cards I listed! I bought 3 packs of these and through all 3 packs away. Don't be fooled by the little &#34;Improved&#34; insert they put in with the sleeves too it doesn't mean they are any better (Trust me I tried). For the first time ever I can honestly say I will not be buying these from Ultra pro again."
not a good product.  the handle broke in half on the second day of use at the beach.  sorry it was not a stronger shovel
Leaks all over the place and barely blows bubbles.. not worth the money
This did not really work.
"Was not what I expected, most items too small like pots to use with a toddler kitchen, small bottles worried about child choking.."
Very flimsy and the marbles are way too small for young children.
Definitely not high quality
"Paid $ 23+  and received wrong item,planned on returning, but had emergency out of state, get back and son opened box. This was definitely not worth $23+ . Very disappointed, but was able to find my son his flyer he wanted for his bday."
Came broken very disappointed
I bought this for my 4 year old and it fit. The sleeves and legs were too long but the fit everywhere else was fine. The costume is cute but the quality is poor. The cape had several runs in it (shown in the picture) straight out of the package that quickly spread and made the cape look shredded. If you want this costume to last or even look good for more than one wear don't bother. It's cute but the quality is not worthy of more than one star.
Almost every crayon was broken and wasn't able to be used.
"it is the same cube, it is very to turn."
Do not get this. It did not work at all my daughter was very upset on her birthday.
I am giving this item one star for the sole reason that the return address on the item was VIBRATORS written for everyone to see. This was shipped to my work and it was very embarrassing.
Is so much smaller than appears. Need size specs
cheap.  never used it once I saw it out of  the box. not worth the hassle of returning.  donated it.
"Watched videos about how to do this, most of them were tiny, they didn't break when they hit anyone, they only broke when they hit the ground.  about half didn't even inflate.  Had a bunch of unhappy kids.  I bought three packs of three bunches.  Maybe half worked."
I was so happy ordering some thing in one pack but it came &#34;Extremely hopeless&#34; for its price...<br />Dollar store quality..My daughter was so diappointed..!
Broke after 3 times.
"Balloons kept popping unless so under inflated that they were useless to make anything!  Very frustrating, kids very disappointed."
"It broke after few times of using, I don't recommend it!!!"
Really hard to turn
It didn't work so we returned it.
"I was very excited when I saw the commercial and hope to use it in one of my lessons with the kids I worked with. Only one of the two ozobots worked (black), the white does not do anything. My fellow teacher and I did all the instructions carefully but still nothing. Even the one working did not follow the &#34;commands. &#34; I'm disappointed for I think that this is a great product."
"Can't see through the paper for tracing! Returning immediately. Even when we took the light pad into a dark room, there was barely enough light to shine through and enable tracing. I guess I got what I paid for..."
"Disappointed.... The bank was sent without the lid. I ordered my 5 yr old something's for finishing his first week of school. Really wanted everything to be perfect for the little guy. It's super cute, just missing parts."
This thing is just lame. It only reads half of the story and they aren't even on the right page. My daughter doesn't even look twice at it. Don't waste your money.
"Second train failed. Got the replacement today. Put it on wooden floor. Ran for maybe 5 minutes where it seemed to operate as it should. Now it only goes back and forth, not able to move forward. It's just stuck in one place. There is a burning smell coming fron underneath the front of the train body. I am through with this product. This second train will be returned."
"The design on the glasses in the listing does not match the ones I received. I decided to keep them anyway, to avoid the hassle of returning them. I have used the glasses less than 2 months and already one of the decals is starting to flake off. I hand wash and immediately dry - never use a dishwasher since I don't have one - so there is no reason other than bad quality to explain the defect. Too expensive to be turning into junk after a few weeks of use!"
Garbage
We received this boat and within one week the battery blew up  and the entire electrical system of the boat went up in  smoke. My son plugged in the battery the boat continue to make some beeping sounds when he turned the on switch on the entire battery blew up in smoke filled the boat!
We hit one not sharp rock the first time floating down the river and there is a hole big enough to put two fingers in it.
"Very poor quality for the price. Flimsy plastic, and very small."
"Cheaply made. The screws that hold the scissors together comes out. If you want reliable or quality set, try a different brand and don't buy this set. Cannot recommend. Boo."
I'm very disappointed as this coloring book looks and feels like it is cheaper than a dollar store coloring book and I payed $6 . I want to try and get my money back as this is not good quality and only has a few pages.
"the print on this canvas is so hard to see that i have to give up trying to paint these paintings, asking for a refund."
"We got the shadow launcher from buzz campaigns to test and it was super easy to get out of the package and its fun. However, the truck barely rolls. We tried it on hard flooring and the wheels just spin like crazy. On carpet it didn't do much better. It can't back up at all either. The helicopter flew well at first but after paying with our fit two days the propeller started to come away from the motor and it took a lot to figure out what was wrong. Now every time we want to fly it we have to make sure the propeller is pushed into place and after a few minutes of flying it requires fixing."
It had two holes in it and wouldn't hold helium.
These were a disappointment. Flat from the beginning
"What a dud! My son purchased this, ran it once for 15 minutes and it worked great. It has not worked since! I contacted the seller because of the defective toy and they offered to send me a new one after I sent the defective one back. I went to ship it back, found out it would be $20+ to ship back. Great, now my kid would be $60 into the boat hoping that the new one works better! Why do I not get to ship it back on their dollar because its defective? After contacting the seller, he now says that I can return, but there is a 25% stocking fee. The toy is defective! I would not buy the product or deal with this seller."
Don't waste your money.
Ordered Cookie and got Abbey.
wrong batteries... wont fit....
Not worth the money. Product description says it is hand painted. The blocks are painted white with colored stickers on them for labeling. I could have made this same set for less than $10. White paint is a matt finish which means any little thing will stain it. Will be returning.
"Very disappointing.  These are about an inch tall, like toys from a CrackerJack box.  Not worth even the small price."
"Received the magnifier--opened the battery compartment, then realized it did not come with batteries. put in batteries in the correct position.  It immediately heated up, smoked, and if I had not let go, it would have burned my hand.  An inferior piece of junk, sorry I even ordered it."
Product did not seem &#34;new and unopened&#34;. Package had been taped back together. Product quality poor and toy parts wouldn't screw together properly. Unable to use at all. Complete waste of money. Will never order from this seller again!
Cheap crap. Don't buy.
"Makes cool noises. But , it is tiny. Very disappointed in the size."
Each one fell apart on the first turn of the cube.  Very disappointed in the quality and a complete waste of money.
When we blew it up it was top heavy on one side. Therefore it would not throw or bounce right. It's like the thickness of the rubber is off. My kids never played with it. Total waste of money!!!!!!!!
"It looks like much better on picture,<br /><br />1. colors are way different, red color is nearly erased and yellow is much brighter (looks like its used not new).<br />2. circle of the hat is bend in 4 spots, in the picture its barely noticeable."
Pretty bogus. Does not even have a split cards function.
Was a wast of money really... I bought these Legos as a gift for my sisters 7 year old and all I got were small prices no bigger than a 2x4 block. They also came with some small peices of trash and I also found some chewed up legos.
"All of the other toys that came with it were fine if a bit small, but the microwave itself would not work. In order for it to work, the door has to be completely closed to push in a little black button that allows it to start. The timer and all of the buttons are pretend, and the only working thing in it is the spinning tray and lights that only function when that little button is depressed inward.<br /> When it came out of the box, the door latch was bent so it could not be closed at all, and trying to bend it the correct way ended up nearly cracking the door. I decided to just cut the latch off figuring that it doesn't need to latch so long as the door closes enough for it to push in the black button. Even without the latch that door still would not close enough to work. I even let the kids push on the door as hard as they could to get it to work, and it still would not unless you jammed you finger in it to press the black button. I was fully prepared to just take it as it was since the kids still loved it until I found a microwave at Wal-mart that was half of the price, worked properly, all of the buttons were usable, and it came with a working timer. Needless to say I'm not happy with this product at all."
Got stuck/jammed on first try and now does not work.
"My 9 year old barely had it on her wrist for 5 minutes before she noticed a rip on the side which grew when she took it off. I watched her put it on and take it off, she was not abusive to this material. Not even good quality if it rips this easily."
Buyer beware. I thought I was ordering a hard plastic doll case that was 24 inches HIGH ...future buyers know what you are ordering...do conversion. I could have bought this piece of crap at any Hobby Shop and saved myself the time and trouble of ordering. Mybad.<br />[Collection] transparent plastic case figure doll case Case W 12 x D 12 x H 24 (cm) (japan import)
"We ordered the Soaring Pegasus set, but when the package arrived and we opened it we found that other package had been previously opened and then retaped. Second the set wasn't the Pegasus set, but the Cloudsdale set. Very disappointed!"
"So when i got this, i opened it and it seemed a bit different then usual, it was runnier, not as thick. as soon as i touched the color, it didnt even stain my skin, its an obvious fake. yes, its cheaper, but no. its not manic panic. i'm hoping it comes out like manic panic does anyways, but i doubt it. it wont even stain my skin. (which if you've used manic panic before, you know it stains SO BAD) if it stains your skin, its usually going to be a really good dye. im so upset that i wasted my money on a fake.<br />Buy from the actual site or sallys beauty supply. this stuff sucks."
"These wings are cute but the fabric tore after 2 days, don't waste your money."
"This broke one week after my seven-year-old started to use it. And, I don't believe his mishandled it. I wouldn't waste any money on this."
price need to be lower
Didnt work
"Very disappointed with this purchase. Approximately 2 hrs of flight time before one of the motors became inoperable, which obviously prevented further flight. While to price of the unit was reasonable, 2 hrs of use is unacceptable. Unfortunately, due to summer vacation we missed the return deadline. Email to seller went unanswered. Lesson learned."
I was looking for a large array of colors to use on my adukt coloring books and failed to notice they were short pencils. However once I realized my mistake before receiving them I decided to keep them thinking really how short can they be. I have small hands and figured they would be just perfect. I was completely wrong. These shouldn't even be called pencils. They were so short they could fit in my Palm without any hang over. But I had them and since I didn't want to waste my money I tried to use them. They are not very bright and if you want a good smooth color you have to color very hard. That being said you will have to sharpen this &#34;pencil&#34; often to get good color and after one sharpening it's more like a shard left. Not only that but my pencil split 9 out of 10 times and the led fell out most of the time. Needless to say I just threw them away.
My item is defective. The animal sound plays while wheel is spinning before it knows where it's going to land. Do not bother. This item is small and junky in person
Product is not worth the price I'm glad I got is free from bzzz agent because I would have been upset if I paid for this. Pictures are very unrealistic and unobtainable.
This is a Christmas gift for my nephew. It came in a box that was too small and partially open. Balsa wood is very delicate; whoever crammed it into the box broke it. Very unhappy!
I Hate This voodoo Doll it doesn't even work for that I hate with All my hate Don't buy this forever
Product did not stay inflated after only 2 uses. Very disappointing. Very small 1&#34; sq. patch included. Now have missed 30-day &#34;return window.&#34;
Not worth buying. I purchased these for my grandaughters and when I took them to be blown up at the local floral department everyone of them popped once they where filled with helium.
My product is not working . Broken arrived
"We were so excited to receive our Insect Lore Live Butterfly kit in the mail. We purchased it along with a book about butterflies for our two toddlers. The kit was easy to understand as well as the coupon for butterfly redemption. The only issues I had are, they do not ship to Hawaii (where I live) and you have to pay shipping on your butterflies. It is written in the product description I just did not see it. So we did not get to complete the kit however I was pleased with the quality of the butterfly house. We ended up catching other bugs and feeding those in the butterfly house."
Broke within the hour
Very dissappointing toy. The whole boat falls apart once you open the package. It doesn't even float because the parts fall apart and water gets in and sinks the boat.
"Do not buy. Mine came broken. The pin had fallen off, and no glue will keep it on."
"Over half my glow sticks didn't glow. They were able to be &#34;cracked&#34;, but they never glowed. Thank goodness I ordered twice as much as needed."
"I bought this game to play with my grandchildren's ages 6 to 12 but there are no instructions to play the game like take out wrenched ankle, do I need to pay Extra For The Cards And The Other Bits."
I was very disappointed with the quality of this table.  The benches bowed with little weight applied to them.  Thank goodness my 2 year old only weighs 26 lbs.  I really would like to return this and get something sturdier.
After one day of play the Velcro is not holding very well. I do not think this is going to last long.
"Everything was cheap, easy to break, and very small."
Was extremely small.
Came to me with a $9.99 sticker and that's what it was worth!
We have TONS of transformers and unfortunately this one did not make the cut. Poorly made; it fell apart soon after playtime began.
Broke within 5 minutes of use
"Buying this physical box is a complete waste of money. It is a big box filled with (literally not metaphorically) useless bits of cardboard and a sheet with some toy code. The hello world example on the website is more complicated than the first few examples in the sheet.<br /><br />While the website or subscriptions to code examples may be useful, I suspect that anyone buying this will feel ripped off [as I do]. Check out the website, which is neat, but don't buy this box hoping for anything more than what you see there."
I received my order. It does not look like &#34;Pig cat&#34;. My 5 year old also noticed by saying &#34;that doesn't look right&#34;. I tried to fluff it up. This did not help.  Doesn't even have a curly tail!!
It is tiny and not as it was described in my opinion. Like something you would buy at dollar tree ; I wasted good money on it.
"This is not the BunchO Balloons product. It is shipped from China (takes about two weeks) and does not work at all. The package is marked &#34;Magic Balloons&#34;.<br /><br />1. The filler stems do not fit a hose bib.<br />2. If you figure out a fix for #1, most of the balloons do not fill.<br />3. The balloons that do fill leak at the opening once they fall off the filler stem.<br /><br />This is a totally useless product."
"I was really excited for this play mat but when i looked closer i noticed that her name is spelled wrong, luckily I noticed and was able to process a refund and got a different play mat instead, but to everyone out there looking a this DO NOT BUY IT unless you want Asuna's name to be spelled wrong."
"Showed up with 16 napkins, 8 hats and 6 cups. Definitely not the 16 pack described."
"The item was described as new but the item was opened and the cards, money, etc were not in bags and all over the box."
Grandson already has this. My mistake!
"This was a gift for a 7 year old boy and he was so excited.  Suddenly, the family smelled burning rubber followed followed by smoke.  This was very traumatic for the little guy.  Really no stars but had to to post one so as to record this review."
It didn't come with anchors and the water didn't go all the way to the end.
All the water in the balloons leaked out and they  were empty.
Way too small not worth the money...
"I ordered this helicopter because I love the lights and when I got it, it didn't have one under the nose! now this was the first one I ordered and sent it back. went to another sealer and they told me that had what I was looking for and they too send me the wrong one!!"
Bookbag was super cute! My daughter loved it. After 2 weeks of school...the bottom literally fell out. My daughter is only in 3rd grade so she wasn't carrying a large amount of books. So 2 weeks in to the school year I'm purchasing another bookbag.
These are not 1000mah! I compared the size to my 850 mah battery and it is the same physical size. I cycled it and only got 800mah out of it.
"They were very small and cheaply made. I'm pretty sure not even one pair made it out of the party still together. I didn't expect much, but was still entirely disappointed."
"I did not receive a case I only received 6 boxes, so I was very disappointed.  Had some problems getting a credit for the remainder of the boxes."
Disappointed in the pool as the top ring appears to be defective as it won't hold air.
Not good quality
Does not amp voice at all
No - They were not Crabs they were Lobsters - Pictured is absolutely not what you will recieve though the package is labled &#34;Crabs&#34;
"Being a big fan of 'It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia' I was excited to receive this product. Unfortunately I received it in a damaged condition.When I opened it, the bobblehead had already broken into 3 pieces. Sadly, I had to return it!"
Battery was not OE Type.  I returned it and at this point am not sure I even got my refund.  I am very dissatisfied with this one!
In a one day charger come out of order.
that's not charmeleon
"DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!! I received mine in the mail, charged the batteries, took it out for a spin. the quadcopter does fly great and is very easy to operate. I bought this copter because I wanted to shoot cool videos with it. the first time I tried to shoot a video I removed the sd card and plugged it into my computer. I found that the sd was corrupt and had nothing on it. I used another sd card that I knew worked because I used it with my gopro, this sd also was corrupt. I returned the copter. the next one I got I started flying and tried taking video right away. I was able to shoot video and uploaded them onto my phone from the sd card. a week later I tried to view the videos and the sd card was corrupt. I tried to load them on my computer and the sd card was blank. THIS PRODUCT IS JUNK!"
Is not in tune.<br />Cannot use.
It came with a yellow substance on it. We tried cleaning it off and putting batteries in it. The car worked but the sirens were on ALL THE TIME. That was really annoying. So we returned the car.
"Please ignore original review. This backpack did not make it past the first week of school before the strap already tore from the bag and the only thing in it was a notebook and empty binder! What a waste!!!!  For all the more I paid for this backpack, this is such a great deal! Bought this for my daughter who is in the 7th grade for school. We just received it, so can't say much for durability, but it looks pretty sturdy. You cannot fit a lot of large/heavy books, but it will hold a decent amount. It's very cute and nicely made. She loves it."
It quit working after a couple of uses. The air pump wouldn't work. Very disappointing.
this rubber duck tips over when placed in water
Happy 3th Birthday Nelsito
"I was so disappointed by this order. I was under the impression that there would be 8 different animals, instead we got 4 of 2 different animals, turtle and crab. We wanted a bunch of different ones and I would have ordered something different had I known!"
Broke within 2 weeks.
remote controls doesn't work since the day i got it .
I got a knock-off doll! Such a crappy product! I am livid!!!!!
Not good. Broke with use first day. Cheap.
"This is quite possibly the worse train set ever designed.<br /><br />Due to the way the carts connect to each other, it is completely impossible for the train to go up and down the &#34;slope&#34; without completely falling apart.<br /><br />Also the train engine is a little too large for the curve section of the track.<br /><br />If you love your children, do not buy this."
Too small for my 5 year old.....was disappointed. It was his birthday.
"These were very expensive for what we received, not worth the price, and the lager items would never for on cupcakes. None of the items had picks, so they would not stand up on the cupcakes."
Breaks the first time is falls
I bought this for our trip for boys to use in the car. They used it twice and the big doodle board broke. I would not recommend this item to my friends.
"These are not Kelly doll shoes.  They are cheap, fake knock offs that do not fit Kelly dolls.  A big waste of money.  If you really, really work hard you can sometimes get one of the shoes onto the older models of Kelly dolls.  Even then you are in danger of the shoe splitting in the back and coming off the doll.  They definitely do not fit the new Chelsea that came after Kelly.  These are poorly made and there is lots of left over plastic tags here and there on the shoes that would have been removed in a more quality oriented manufacturing process."
So disappointed most every one of these did not light up... the ones that did light up did not light up all the way!!! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY
Ordered 3. All showed up with one side already burnt out. Don't bother.
"Only 3 out of the 12 worked, and only for a short while.  Had to return all of them."
I bought them fit a nerf bow. One was ruined in the package. Another had the blue part of the arrow fall off within 5 minutes. Very disappointing.
We had this toy and our son loved it for several months but then it broke when an older child played with it.  Our friends bought us a new one and within one week it came apart again.
"Poorly made game! the puppie pegs would not stay in the cars, neither would the little dog faces. It's not very interesting to play either, and its way too complicated for kids, or even us adults. We tried it once and have to desire to play it again."
"Received as a gift.  The twist handle broke off under normal use and left behind a sharp protruding plastic dagger.  Useless for use by my daughter now.  I called Fisher-Price and they said since it was made by a company under license to them, they would contact me directly within 3 days.  No one ever called."
Overpriced and underwritten.  Please don't waste your time on this.  It isn't even really fantasy since the company is trying to create their own IP by using their own made up races.
"This is the second Puzz 3d I've built, and the tabs didn't line up correctly, even after I tore it apart when the eye didn't line up with the smile.  the part 7's and 1's that build the head were not cut correctly, as were several other parts. As many have mentioned, the tabs bend too easily then you're stuck trying to make it work later.  The 91 piece is listed as &#34;easy&#34;  but I managed to need scissors and tape to make it work.  Disappointed in this product."
Found out there is bpa in these products very disappointing.
Pages fell out within one day. Very poorly made.
Does not hold up an average sized adult. Also have to pay to return. Not a happy customer - will avoid this company in the future.
Just got it in the mail and there's some problem with the safety feature and isn't wanting to connect to the remote.
Over half of these did not light up... waste of money!!!
"Cheap, bent when I recieved it"
"They wouldn't hold air, and we're quite small."
Don't waste your money! It is was too small and not worth the money!!!
"i ordered July 30 and received Sept 28.  The kids were SUPER excited!  The package came with 3 attachments, each having balloons and black rubber rings to hold them on already assembled.  No instructions.  The item is for one time use unless you buy a refill pack, which would be VERY time consuming to do.  However, that aside we were ready to have a blast. That feeling was short lived!  I attached the first one to the hose and only half the balloons would fill.  The others fell off with pretty much no water.  The biggest balloon got to about 2.5 inches big.  I thought ok maybe I did something wrong. As I was trying to put the non filled back on the spout, the 10-15 that did fill deflated water.  Imagine the disappointment of my 3 year old!!  We decided to give the second spout a try.  Same disappointment, only worse because I realized at this point my fun planned activity is a bust.  We threw the third out and started crafting!!!  Uugghh!  Don't waste your money!!!!"
Cheap feel & barely whistle.
It sucks. It ships in about 45 days and isn't good at all.
"Won't fit my antenna wire, too thin :("
these minifigurs are so bad they come with gold wepons there faces are discusting
"These were a waste of money, in my opinion."
Bubble solution doesn't come up with the wand and the solution gets everywhere. It's not good for toddlers. Expensive for bubbles too.
I would give zero stars to this cheap mask.  For the price a rip off.
"Knock off version<br />I've bought pop guns before with the same design look, but this one is a cheap knock off version. It arrived well package but doesn't work at all. the string inside is too long, the cork is broken and the string isn't a good one, even if the pop would work, it would last about 5 mintues. I'm upset because &#34;THIS ITEM IS NOT ELIGIBLE FOR RETURNS&#34; so they send you broken stuff without the opportunity for refund. what a waste."
This didn't work so well for me. It didn't fit onto anything i can use to get water into it.
Had this toy for two weeks and one of the controller buttons stopped working.  My son loves it when it worked. Poor quality.. Such a shame.
Product didn't include the grandma.... Very disappointing.
If I could give less than 1 star I would. My son got this mower yesterday and bubbles will not come out unless you are on carpet or grass. It doesn't get enough traction on hard floors and what bubbles you get isn't much
"Had to return because the 1 balloon looks phallic. More appropriate for a bachlorette party, not a one year old's birthday."
Low quality but for the price what should I expect? My son had a blast with this.
"One of the wheels broke off within 2 minutes of opening it, and the toy could not be repaired."
Don't buy this for your child. SO MESSY!!! These little beads get everywhere.
"The items arrived after the event for which I ordered them. They were EXTREMELY small photo props which I never have nor ever will use. The only items which I got any use from were the dowel rods/wooden sticks, which I used for another decoration I created. I was very disappointed in this item purchased."
"Sadly very disappointed. The box that it was shipped in wasn't sealed. It looked like it had been opened. The tassel was a giant mess and the kettle part was broken. Also, it does not hold 16oz. So whoever said you can get 3 cups out of it flat out lied. The decorative box was also damaged. I do not recommend this product."
doesn't stay up well. kept collapsing.
Assembly does not work very well. The wheel remains loose and needs to be constantly tightens.
"CROOK !!!<br />do not buy from him, before pretending to make nice then blocks the email, you can not contact him, steals money !! I will have my money back of course, but you're just a worm revolting! know this!"
daughter wanted to play with but batteries were dead. I feel that if you buy something it should not come with dead batteries; therefore making kid sad that she cannot play with.
Arrived on time but was not like in picture. Sellers was very nice and we worked it out so that I would be happy in the end. Thanks Big Dot
Not shengshou
"It didn't get the kids interest only few days...plus palydough is messy when u talk about 2-5 years old!also its hard to push the uper green tool, I can hardly do for the kids!"
Smaller than size indicated.  Wasn't able to use for purpose needed.
"This was a impulse buy and money wasted its basically a piece of junk, don't waste your money buy a couple of lottery tickets instead.<br />Edit 10/16/15 to clarify my review.<br />very simply this is not a good product its very hard to mount to a smartphone, I also worried about scratching or damaging a very expensive phone with this, and once on it doesn't work well at all, I use the smart tools app on android it does the same function and does it in a superior way no attachments needed and no risk of damage to your phone.<br />So yes save your money and buy lottery tickets or anything other than this"
Used only once n it is leaked sides. Very disappointed
Disappointed with this. I only received 5 shopkins.
"I bought this wagon for almost 12 grand and I was extremely disappointed. It was just a kids red wagon! For that price I expected it to have jet propulsion or a time machine or a least a DVD player!!! That is that last time I spend a penny over 10,000.00 for a wagon."
"These balloons kept popping in my face when I'd blow them up. After about 20, I threw them away as it would scare the heck out of me each time!"
The package did not come with all of the pieces listed in the product info.  I did not receive a charge cord or the extra blades.  The product is useless without the proper charge cord that should have been included.
The tag says retail price is $5!!!. Enough said.
it broke the moment i opened it.
"The bottom rips very easily on these and your baby will fall through!!! DO NOT BUY!!! This product was named one of the TOP 10 MOST DANGEROUS TOYS!!! The companies that make these just ignore the problems, rename their companies, and continue to sell this dangerous product! I've seen this on several YouTube videos and I'm absolutely horrified by their lack of morals and concern for their customers! PLEASE DON'T BUY THIS DANGEROUS TOY!!!"
"Bad material. Buy one from a different user, theyre much better."
This gun should be renamed &#34;dart-eater&#34; it jams constantly and shreds darts in the process!
I bought these for an event hoping to bring water balloons to it. Instructions should state the balloons are for &#34;immediate use only&#34;. Only an hour or two after filling most of the balloons emptied. The rubber ring which closes the balloon is simply not tight enough to keep water in the balloons for a significant period of time. Complete waste of money in my case. Probably fine for a neighborhood water balloon fight where you use the balloons right away.
MISSING HELMET AND TOY GUN - my son was very upset. Not as nice as we thought it would be. Cheaply made. Misleading.
"After I hit come home button, the drone turn away from me and flew away. Other than that it seemed like a cool toy for the first 10 minutes."
"Cheap!!!  Terrible plastic fabric.  Bad stitching.  Poor design.  Was excited about these, but will never purchase again."
"Awful product, nothing like the photo, size was off, poor quality material."
Arrived DOA.
Charging contacts Bad
"Sounds like a good idea, But I bought two and neither one worked with the hide 'n seek monkey"
"doesn't work at all, it's a waste of money"
Not what I expected it to be. Thought there was more than one in the box. To expensive for that little toy
Does not look like the picture and it is also very small.
"Very flimpsy 3D product, the glass is actually plastic. Waste of money.....Talk about getting wgat you paided for...."
piece of crap
SUPER TINY.  This thing looks like a toy that comes out of the claw machines.  It is much smaller than it looks in the picture.
bad quality! they are small so that they are hard for your fingers to insert. they do not look like the same as the picture.
Very disappointed. Got a completely different toy that looks veey used. Hoping to get my money back.
"disappointed, glow does not last more than a few minutes"
This came and I was shocked that was a 4x6 inch box. I had to go buy another gift to give to my grandson. I will keep it for a small Christmas present.
Husband said it was hard to thrown when it got wet.
This sky Hawkeye hm1315s<br />These is a piece of garbage it don't work and the seller just want to sell it he don't care if the drone don't work he don't care if you try to to reach him is a waste of money
"Came broken, very disappointing."
"This worst thing i see when i pay for new thing i got used one.....<br />When i opened box the way it was packed it looked like it was used. as soon as i fill air in that, I saw grass coming out it it.<br /> I fill air in night that but did not last long till morning...<br /><br />I have start return process of it.<br /><br />My son like this, hence i have  reorder it, hopefully will get something good..."
"Most Helpful Customer Reviews<br /><br />Painfully Cruel to Those Living with or Caring for Mental Illness<br /> By  Gayle  on August 30, 2015<br />Size: One SizeColor: Orange<br />I am writing to share a serious matter of importance as it relates to this costume.<br />My younger daughter, once an honor student, athlete and musician before her illness presented during the onset of adolescence, has lived with schizoaffective disorder for the past six years, and was hospitalized as a child. We’ve taken her to UCLA and Stanford, as well as our local hospitals, hoping to make sense of her devastating illness. If you have ever spent anytime visiting a loved one in a mental health treatment facility, I assure you, you would understand that this costume is painfully cruel.<br />Human suffering is not an appropriate inspiration for a Halloween costume. I doubt you would sell a Stage Four Cancer, Holocaust or Slave costume. Why would you sell a costume that makes fun of a severe brain disorder?<br />Stigma only encourages hopelessness and despair. Please reconsider stigmatizing our daughter’s very real illness by removing<br />this costume and other mental illness inspired costumes from your inventory."
Product description and photo is misleading. Stars are a &#34;black shadow&#34; rather than a &#34;spec of light&#34;.<br />Product quality was as expected.
It wasn't modeling clay as advertised. It's like play dough. Wish I could return it and get my money back to buy actual modeling clay for my son.
"Don't be seduced by the price. These are just so badly made. It's annoying that not all the animals stand up because the legs are turned inward. It's annoying that the trees and fence don't stand. But the real reason not to buy these is that they're simply not safe for small children because the paint is sticky and peeling, there is exposed glue at the seams.<br /><br />If you purchase these, you have three options. Option one: Give your kid a bucket of terrible toys with sticky, peeling paint, and glue gobs. Option two: deal with the bother of having to return them. Option three: throw them away. We chose option two."
Not at all what I was looking for.  Very disappointed
"One floatie didn't even inflate. The other one was fine but because I didn't have two working floaties, they obviously didn't get used at the pool. Not buying from this company again and wouldn't recommend. Just not worth the effort to return."
These crayons have a very strong and even toxic odor.  I do not feel confident to allow children to use them.
Unfortunately this product never worked and we were unable to use the tick n tater. I do not suggest spending money on this product
The paint is messed up and the animals on the magnet don't go with the letter's. There's a ladybug on the letter W for instance.
Okay but to expensive
"Product was defective. The noise maker was broken. It would have been a really great gift for my star wars nerd hubby, I'd it worked. Missed the return date.."
It was disappointing very thin light and small I did not expect a big earring for that price but it was still not what the photo implied
Barely flew. Didn't make a sound
My son likes the pictures but the tattoo didn't even last 12 hours.
"Got the car for my son in May 2015.  A part that holds the suspension broke on the first drive. I have replaced the part three times already as it seems to break every time we drive it.  I have bought extra parts now.  Then suspension broke..have replaced it..now car doesn't move, looks like transmission engages but does not run when on wheels but runs when I hold it in air. Just thinking whether I should fix it..since spent more than what I bought the car for.  Just disappointed with quality.  When I see the video on their website, I wonder how it runs so much without breaking.  Would not recommend Litehawk."
"Perhaps the price includes a round-trip first class ticket to Japan to pick it up, but then the shipping charge doesn't make sense?"
Article I arrived I used. as if scraped.<br />I'm disappointed<br />Great shipping. Very fast.
Unhappy with the purchase. Product was assembled exactly as instructed. Extremely unbalanced / constantly tips over. Should be very easy to maneuver but it is very difficult and neither of my boys will use it (though not for lack of trying). (Ages 4 & 7)
Do not purchase this as the band that is used to seal off the balloon after filled does not work and the water just pours out. Spend the extra money on the as seen on tv balloons!
This broke after the first time we used it. :(
Cannot get the dough out of the molds. Completely useless.
People warned here however decided trying this out....maybe would work for a month...but that`s true...just for one day!!!!!
"I had the screws that held on the purple piece that held the shutters in place start to pop out from my son playing with it, and he's only 11 months so he wasn't being to rough with it, so I ended up just taking that piece off because I was afraid the screws popping out would be a choking hazard. I also tried pushing the screws back in but they always popped back out, it's like the plastic where the screws go in is stripped."
"Haven't actually used it yet, but the bearings were almost locked up when I opened the package- used some penetrating oil, they got better, but I doubt they'll ever be smooth enough to actually balance anything.  Also got the Helimax version in the same order, much better quality!"
half of these markers arrived already dried out...what a bummer.
"I have never seen any cards do what this whole deck is doing...the front of the card is separating from the back. Not just on one card, but on nine so far. When the first one started coming apart, I scotch taped it. Then more started separating. They were being used by four adults, so there was no rough handling. These cards are too pricey for this to happen."
"Not that happy with it, water balls don't shoot very well.."
The bat bottom part was missing in the original shipment & in the replacement shipment as well.
It was easy to operated but had terrible sound quality.  Could not use it.
This item is GARBAGE!! The kitchen came with about 15 missing pieces and took about 4 hours to assemble! I called 5 times to have the parts sent to me and the rude staff kept putting me on hold. Do NOT waste your time or money with this crap!
It turned up broken
"Product arrived with the rear wheel assembly broken beyond repair. The parts #32 (SPST8550N) were shattered, causing the drive axle to swing around freely and mar the rest of the frame. The non-drive rear wheel (only one wheel is actually connected securely enough to the axle to drive it) was loose on the axle, apparently caused by one of the retaining washers having been broken. As a warning to other users, the assembly used looks prone to breakage - about 1/4&#34; of plastic retains a larger (~2.5&#34; diameter) molded plastic split-washer that attaches to the axle. If any portion of that cast plastic washer develops a crack, it will fail and tip the tractor when the axle swings free.<br /><br />It's a good thing I didn't even let my boy see this, let alone ride it; he would have been crushed at our taking it away and seriously hurt had he tried to ride it. I'm glad I caught it within the amazon return window and read some of the other reviews on here about the tractor being too small, it sounds (and looks like) the tractor isn't for our boy."
"Do not buy! Wings fall off, engines fall off.  Cheapest made crap.  Sad item"
"Shocked at the quality for the price very disappointed, not at all what I expected"
I'm sorry I didn't go to the post office
The parts did not fit properly.  The plastic pieces were very bulky and cheaply made.  I was very disappointed!
"The colors were impressive; however, the consistency of the paint was such that it smeared, it didn't paint. The result was like trying to paint on wax paper.  The box of paint is a total discard -- it isn't usable for anything at all.  When even an infant finds it useless, you know you have a problem.<br /><br />Perhaps my batch was defective? I'm puzzled by the other good reviews. This was unusable."
"HORRIBLE PRODUCT!  The balloons fill quickly, but they do not seal, causing the water to leak, rendering them useless! Which is a terrible inconvenience when you have a flock of teenagers, excited, and ready to have a water balloon fight! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!"
Didn't like at all.
Your images do not show harvester ant species. :(
It has a hole and we didn't get to use it. I don't feel I should have to pay to ship it back.
Very disappointed. This pool broke/leaked in several areas on the first use.
This did not stay together after mounting. I bought it for my daughter for Christmas and as soon as I put it together it felt apart. My fiancé also tried in case I build it wrong but he could not make it hold together. I didn't return it because I bought weeks before Christmas and there all the packaging material away after unwrapping all presents. Very disappointed with this. Don't wast your money. Unless your going to glue every piece together like I wanted to do but misplaced the instructions.
Cheap little inflatable cooler. Don't waste your money
i guess that's not anr original LEGO figure.
terrible!!!
Was really stoked about this until I got it. The box was mangled.. Aka returned
"I am giving one star because the keychain and steering wheel works, but the mobile phone died the second day. The light keeps blinking so we it is not the battery. I tried to search for Kaichi website to report the defect item, but the manufacturer is in china. There is no US number for this company. It is extremely disappointing because my kids love telephone (now that we all spend most of our lives communicating thru mobile phone).<br /><br />Please do not buy this product."
"I did receive it on time. Was disappointed upon opening the package. The neck was broken and there were several imperfections. Overpriced, didn't seem like a brand new item. Not worth it."
Sail got a hole in it before first use.
Not worth it.  We had two both are duds. Great concept but doesn't really work.
"Didn't work, had to return it."
"The quality of this item is poorly made. I saw missing Velcro on the banana, also crack on the apple.  The only good thing is it ship on time."
Definitely not worth the price. Spend $10 more and get something a bit more sturdy. The strings broke after 5 mins and that was just with me testing it out! They show all of these lovely colors and I got the normal &#34;natural wood&#34; color.....
"The butterfly is pretty, but I guess we had expectations for it to do ....something. It does flap it's wings. Maybe that's all a butterfly toy is supposed to do. My daughter is actually scared of it."
"What I received was not at all what is pictured.  This would never fit a child firstly...it is too big on my adult head with a big curly wig on, and the crown I got was OPAQUE PINK and not translucent white like it should be (and how its pictured).  It was also smashed completely flat to fit into its &#34;packaging&#34; which made permanent creases in the sides of the crown, making it more football shaped and not round like pictured.  If you need a quick crown for Glinda it's fine I guess if you don't care about accuracy...its very cheap though and youll have to augment it to make it fit."
I dont recommand to but this Toy
"This product is so much smaller in real life than it is potrayed in the picture. if you truly are looking for jumbo blocks (as the name implies) then this is not the product for you. it only has the rectangle blocks so it limits building options. in short, this product is wack, don't get it."
"Too short!!  Mine pop out of the yoke anytime the truck cartwheels. I have adjusted the yoke as far out as possible.  Yesterday the outside pin popped out, sliced through 50% of my A arm... Lasted about a month of just casual bashing.  Also they use set screws on the output shaft of the universal instead of the current setscrew/pin design."
Product stopped working within a month I ordered it... I wish I could get my money back...
They to small
Couldn't blow all the way up. As soon as you quit blowing the air would be 1/3 of the way out. So always somewhat flat.
Wish it would have had the size of it.
Had lots of black markings all over them!!!! Very disappointed that no one seemed to notice when packaging them!
"THIS IS HEARTLESS!!! Don't you people know that scotland's national animal is a severely endangered species? Do you know that illegal farms have been created in Wales to breed these majestic animals for slaughter? They are only fed food containing 10% rainbows! the rest is made of low energy white light, and they are never let outside to frolic in wood, but kept in a muddy barn. This is what society has come to today, you people make me sick. THINK BEFORE YOU EAT!"
"This slide is terrible.  Like all of the other 1 star reviews, regardless of your water pressure, water only shoots out of some of the holes on one side.  We ended up clipping the left side tube pretty close to the hose connection so that water shot pretty high out of the first 20-30 holes or something like that....made the slide usable on a slight hill."
Large Mickey balloon had a large slice in it :(
Not what you expected.
"Not at all what I thought I was purchasing! I purchased this for my ten year old little girl. She's always talking about wanting to build a robot (she actually wants to build a Battlebot) so, I thought this was a good place to start.....we were planning to use this as a science lesson for school. This thing is a joke! The &#34;robots&#34; are very tiny (like microbots), even she can't get the prices to got together properly with her tiny hands. And the packaging was all messed up. This is NOT a good gift for a child."
Never worked.
tiny and cheap not worth the price
Sealed everything up with silcone.  But it still leaked water through the propeller shafts.  Would not buy.
Junk stock rubber duck antennas have better range
"Not what I was expecting,  they look sort of like the picture and that's the only good thing I can say about them. I wanted to send them back as soon as I opened the box but they charge you to send it back so it's not worth it. I wasted my money on these."
"Didn't even come with 48 i didn't count them originally, made about 40 cupcakes and there were only 32 of them"
Deminsions said 8x10.8 x .08 inches!!! The lanterns meadured 4 inches across...picture very deceiving...too small...cannot use but as the price was  $3.18 and the shipping cost $4.76 I am going to throw them away! I only gave one star because I had to !!!!!!
I gave this to my 8-year old grandson for his birthday on July 27.  The stitching has already split open on August 24 and the inner bladder is poking out.  What a disappointment for my grandson.
The first time I put air in it the seams began to split. The material also was not as durable as I thought it would be. Sent it back  for this amount of money I expected better quality
"don't like it.  i received 4, 2 had the same pony in it and 2 had beeds, one of the two (beeds containers) one came with 4 beeds and the other one had 1 in it.  and nothing in it to make a braclet with so it sucks.  i wouldn't buy it again."
"Very poorly made binder. The inserts are of very high quality, and would certainly buy again, but the binder... damn. I'd be willing to wager that any binder from dollar general would be of better quality. Do yourself a favor and buy a good one from somewhere else that accepts inserts in the front/back, then just print pokemon photos that you can use as a cover sheet. My 6yr olds binder started coming apart before he was even done putting cards in it for the first time. I taped it up with large clear packing tape. Fingers crossed that i don't have to explain this crappy binder to my son anytime soon, but i fear i will."
"Bought this for my son's 9th birthday present. Was very disappointed in the poor quality. We purchased this about 6wks before his birthday and wrapped it immediately. He opened it today and the hot glue that holds the strings to the plastic bar had failed to work on two strings! Nothing like tears for the birthday boy. Because we purchased it early, we missed the cut off date for returning the product. We also realized the support bar was broken as well."
This bear is smaller then the picture. It is just under 3 ft
"boat was really small and had difficult time getting to run , propellers was broken when I received the product"
"Ridiculously small and useless. The description should say less than a centimeter tall, not less than an inch tall. Very disappointed. Not at all worth the money."
"I purchased this product to be a part of a honeymoon &#34;enhancement&#34; package I was putting together for a destination bachelorette party, the night before the wedding and when I opened it I found it to be similar to a fake make up kit for little girls. The kit had empty bottles, a fake booklet and candy.  This was such a waste of money.  I would not recommend this even if I were a paid sponsor.  Emptor Cavete (Buyer Beware)!!!!!"
We have had this out of the box for only a month and the bolts are already rusting. The umbrella also never worked properly and isn't even usable. Disappointed!
not a shenghou its some horrible off-brand cube
Seemed cheap
Almost impossible to put together - but when together its okay quality.  Very bad customer service when I called - I would not recommend buying anything from them even if the product is good.
Doesn't do much. Not very happy with this one.
"The water balloons did not stay filled. I had a water event and needed 400 balloons. I bought for packages but they balloons did not work. Super disappointed. My event was almost a major bust but a volunteer went and got traditional water balloons from the store and saved the event. Do not buy, waste of money."
"Bad,bad,bad only received one big baby was supposed to be two the one that was received had a hole in it very disappointed i wanted it for my twin baby shower"
"This is the second set of 100 assorted cards I have purchased for my 6 year old son who eats, breathes and sleeps pokemon. (First set was from different seller, which was excellent only a handful of doubles) this set however was a huge disappointment, more expensive then the previous set and awful selection, now of course these sets are going to have trainers and doubles but 20 trainers and 24 exact doubles is beyond rediculous!!! he got just over 50% of what I paid for!!! I choose this set over the other seller based on reviews. Worst decision!"
It doesn't work!
I made a mistake and ordered I set of pocket pets and I thought there would be all six in the package. Not one was n there and I gave no idea which one it is. It does not mention on the package any where the kind of pet that was in package. Buye r don't be fooled
WAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYY too much for this
crap...don't waste your money
Poor quality product. Right arm broke shorty after opening.
I'm very disappoint in this product. The metal piece that holds the blade on the top of the copter broke. I'm so glad my son brought it to me instead of putting it in his mouth and possibly choking on it.
Cheaply constructed controller. Flew OK a few times. No reverse. Now it flops like a fish out of water. Won't fly at all. Save your money for something better like a Syma. Just because it's &#34;the world's smallest&#34; is no reason to spend your money on this inferior toy.
I was disappointed. It said it works for all leappad products including leappad ultra yet it doesnt.
"I can't seem to pair this to the actual X4 device using the control. It did flew for 4 seconds and then no more. I have read the manual up and down, and the remote does turn on but the actual light on the center of it indicating it is paired with the X4, only came once and no longer so it is impossible for me to get it to calibrate, much less get this device to fly. It could be the batteries, I will buy some tomorrow but I doubt it since the battery bar is giving 3 bars of strength."
Damaged.
"If I could give this order no stars, I would. Instead of receiving wooden Melissa and Doug fruit and vegetables like I thought I ordered, I received cheap styrofoam garbage from China. They reaked of chemicals and are nothing like the real Melissa and Doug products."
"Yes it glows in the dark ,but don't lay it down anywhere you do want something to stick to it. Always ...always put it back in the container . Its like it gets runny/ not solid over night all over the place. I had silly putty growing up and it did not melt over night. You can re-shape it in the morning but just don't leave it just laying away wear. PUT IT BACK IN THE METAL CAN."
"Received two 680s, two were 600s. Bad quality. If you are looking for four 680s - stay away. I don't understand how Amazon alows this bundle to be sold this way. The charger is plain awful, battery connectors do not fit correctly either. Return initiated 5 minutes after receiving."
It was awful pulled apart first day by younger!!!
These leave stains on the tub and all the color runs off the crayon when left in shower. The munchkin crayons are the best. Not these.
"These figurines are from China and when received, gave off a terrible odor.  I boiled them and it was a little better."
Very small. I expected it to be much larger.
Thought the animal net was going to be bigger was to small
These are not Ping Pong Balls that you could play on an official Ping Pong table.  Bits of plastic around the the center circumference cause ball to bounce erratically.  This item should be listed as a Childrens' TOY when advertised.
Pricy for the item- regular is half price
Product does not work!
"Very poor quality material.  They are very stiff and uncomfortable.  The price was cheap, so I guess you get what you pay for."
worst Model I have ever seen.
Would be ok for a baby to play with but junk for any older kids. Cheaply made
Hard to set up with minimum directions broke after 2nd time use
This Mickey Mouse was broken
This was not a Disney  product. It had chinese writing on the tag  and is very cheaply made. I  didn't  receive  the  product that  is  described .
Bought this saucer chair 3 months ago for my 1 1/2 year old. The bottom of the chair when flipped over is completely torn/coming apart. He uses this chair to watch his cartoons. Either I bought a defective product or the quality is very poor. Not happy at all with this purchase and it seems very unsafe for him to continue using it. I attached a photo.
"I was super excited to finally get this. I took it out of the box and it broke in my hands. I didn't drop it, didn't bump it in to anything, just picked it up,...and it broke in my scrawny little hands that have trouble opening Gatorade bottles. Super bummed, wouldn't purchase this particular one again. Would have loved one though!"
These were old and sticky; almost all of them popped when I went to get them blown up at party city. The people there said they must have been really old and stored in bad conditions.
Horrible. It came broken. The plastic lock mechanism didn't work. You get what you pay for but this was worthless. I'd rate it zero stars if that were possible.
"Really disappointed. There were many land animals in the package...almost half the order. A lot of repeats, too!"
did<br /> not work
No they didn't. Showed online as colored said nothing about coloring them yourself.  Very disappointed sent them back which was also a big hassle
Very cute. But it arrived bent out around the eyes so does not work properly.  Water still got in. Also straps are not very secure. One side kept sliding out when we tried to put them on. Had to try several times then ended up taking the strap completely out and rearranging it so it would stay.
Received damaged piece and not working bad not recommended to buy.
"The wood bowling lane is not level, and the ball is huge and heavy so there's not much of a challenge getting a strike."
"Wast of money, I had to put tape on it even though it didn't ladt more then minute with the kids"
Very bad product!
"it did not have all the lights on it, on line it look like one thing but after receiving it, it was not the same that I ordered!! no light under the nose of the one I receive in the picture one, was taken off line with the light under the nose of the helicopter, picture two is the one I receive. as you see it don't have a light under the nose!!"
Fell apart in hours
"It's a two pack, but one of the batteries died after just three charges.  At least one of them still works though.  Still, can not see any noticeable additional fly time when compared to the 500mAh battery that the X5 came with.  Guess I can not complain considering the price...  Going to just pay the extra for the OEM next time..."
Useless.  No stings or sticky tape to decorate with
"Very disappointed in this cheap product, I bought multiple butterfly's in different colors and they failed to stick to the wall without falling."
Not worth the money. They are tiny and even I as an adult can barely pull the pieces apart once put together.
"We bought two of these as gifts, one was smashed when received so we sent it back. After we received the replacement plane I wrapped it up for my soon to be 4 y/o son's birthday party.<br />After he opened it (He was very excited) we put it on the charger only to discover the next day that the plane wouldn't charge. We try it on the other charger (that we gave as a gift) and it still wouldn't charge. We decided to send it back only to discover the 30 day return was 2 days past.<br />If you give this as a gift make sure to check it before wrapping it."
"This is not an authentic Figuarts Zero Action figure.  If you are a collector, stay away.  If you just want something that looks similar to the real thing, good ahead..."
"Broken parts ,very poor assembly directions .Was not able to use the item"
Took the boat out for the first time last week has a range of 30 feet not 300. Very disappointed
"After flying a few times, one of the motors had to be replaced. It took about 2 hours to replace the motor. After replacing the motor, the quadcopter worked fine for a few minutes, but then another motor went bad and needs to be replaced. There were no severe crashes.  I'm spending much more time dealing with bad motors than flying.  So, I'm taking this as a loss and looking for a more reliable quadcopter."
"Broke after pumping up 3 balloons. If you used it slowly you could still pump them if you did it slowly, but it was still terrible and a waste of time. We bought this to do prank on someone so we could easily blow up a low of balloons, but it ended up hurting instead of hurting"
Not what we were expecting. All cards are printed in Japanese and board is very small.
"######UPDATE##### I have worked on it for over a month. I had 2 motors go bad that were immediately replaced. They started smoking along with one speed control. I downgraded to one star for excellent warranty replacement.   I Great kit and fast delivery. Sturdy frame, good motors. All around a good kit. I give 4 stars because the props aren't safe to lift that much weight. They vibrate too much."
"If your looking for a cheap party favor- don't bother.  If you're looking to pull your hair out or like a challenge, then this product will take you hours to unsuccessfully unknot.  It is complete unusable."
Brake in the middle after 5 minutes.
terrible ... only worked for one day
"The shopkins i received are not the ones pictured they are counterfiet and i know that characters may vary but these are not moose toys skopkins ,they are not on any of the the shopkin list.I filed a claim!"
Much too thin to hold up an adult!  Was very disappointed.
Terrible. It popped in midair within the first hour of playing with it.
We like Cards Against Humanity but the Red Deck feels like a bad imitation-- it insists on being gross in an adolescent way where Cards allows 'escape hatches'. It just seems like an insincere and imitative effort.
Our feedback is much the same as previous feedback by &#34;Da&#34;. We should have taken that to heart. These are NOT the official green pads as pictured. The annoying fingerprint background covers the whole sheet of the pads (unlike the official pads) and seriously obscures the checkbox areas. It is flat out false advertising to picture the original official pads and then ship these poorly designed knock-offs. They are not worth the price paid and we can create and print a better knock-off ourselves.
"Worthless product, poor quality, waste of money."
Broke within first hour. Kid had lived it though.
"So...I didn't really notice when I ordered, but lambs don't have horns.  It really should be a goat costume."
This was bad. You put water in it. And it buckled in the middle on one side.
Amazing product at a great price!
"Absolutely a nightmare! Stickers, glue, and color came off onto our hands. We used my mother's tiles once and will never be able to use them again. The stickers cannot be removed. Horrible experience. They returned my purchase price but refused even to remove shipping costs on a new set of tiles which I needed. I can't emphasize enough how awful a transaction this was! Stay away from Yellow Mountain!"
I was so excited to get this today only to find that the clear plastic was broken on the box so there's dust all over the inside also there are chips in the paint on the head and I'm not sure if it should be green but from the description it doesn't flow in the dark. So why isn't it white?
Different sized tiles and some lettering was faded. Also they are half the height of a regular tile which makes my project impossible to finish..will buy a whole new game to make sure it's finished appropriately
Save your money.  This thing is flimsy and so gentile.  Broke just taking it out of box.  Maybe defective!? Or just cheap??
Not comfortable at all!
does not work well
There is cheap and same stuffs inside the eggs
"I wasn't satisfied with my order, This doll is actually most beatiful in the picture than she is really. The details showed in the picture of site look like a real baby and when I opened the box after it be delivered I was disappointed , she is too diferent ... that's why I returned it immediately!!! Thks"
This do NOT work don't waste your money
I was shocked at how small it was.
For the price = S&H not a good deal save your money
Purchased two. Both sets were all tiny pieces. Not worth the money. I wasted $24!
Won't hold air not worth it....
"I am writing to share a serious matter of importance as it relates to one of your children’s costumes.  I refer to your Cell Block Psycho children’s costume with the description that reads, &#34;Kids will look psychotic with our scary Cell Block Psycho Child Costume. With a look resembling Hannibal Lector, no other convict will dare mess with this one. Our kids' Cell Block Psycho Costume includes an orange prisoner jumpsuit featuring torn sleeves, one attached tattoo sleeve, zipper front and 'Ward 10-31 print, broken wrist shackle and a brown half face constraint mask. The molded plastic half mask features bars over the mouthpiece cutout for the scary look of Hannibal Lector the cannibal. No one on their cell block will dare to mess with this serial kill mental patient in our scary Cell Block Psycho Costume for kids.&#34; My younger daughter, once an honor student, athlete and musician before her illness presented during the onset of adolescence, has lived with schizoaffective disorder for the past six years, and was hospitalized as a child.  We’ve taken her to UCLA and Stanford, as well as our local hospitals, hoping to make sense of her devastating illness.  If you have ever spent anytime visiting a loved one in a children’s/adolescent’s mental health treatment facility, I assure you, you would understand that this costume is painfully cruel. Childhood suffering is not an appropriate inspiration for a Halloween costume.  Vampires are not real.  Mummies come-to-life, monsters and zombies are not real.  Cartoon characters, fairy princesses and action heroes are not real.  Those types of costumes are appropriate to sell for children for Halloween.  But childhood and adolescent mental illness is very real.  I doubt you would sell a Stage Four Cancer costume.  Why would you sell a costume that makes fun of a severe brain disorder? Stigma only encourages hopelessness and despair.  Please reconsider stigmatizing our daughter’s very real illness by removing your Cell Block Psycho Costume and other mental illness inspired costumes from your inventory."
"Within a few days, it began to lose power and got slower and slower.  Eventually, it just wouldn't go forwards or backwards."
"Small, flimsy, barely fits together and barely covers 3 steps.  Disappointment.<br />Painted cardboArd"
didn't work well / returned it prompty
Poorly made and did not last a weekend.  Have to keep washing then got slimy so just threw them out.
"Very very small, and cheap looking."
"These look cute online, but in real life they are cheap looking."
I recieved a broken item... Bob's feet was cut off his body!!!!
doesn't shoot half the time. i expect it to break before long. will go with name brand next time.
"We received this as a gift. We were so excited to open this big tub of art supplies! When we opened it, I laughed in disbelief. A cardboard rectangle took up the bulk of the inside, and the inside of the rectangle was totally empty. The meager art supplies were between the cardboard & the outside. So look carefully, because what you can see through the sides is literally all you get! The papers are way small. The best part about it is having a decent storage bin. I'm surprised Crayola put out a product like this."
Broken in few hours not worth buying
"Mine had to be returned, had such a bad drift that I had to keep the stick at 90% counter lock just to keep it in place."
Horrible. These are used and weren't even in the box when I got them. The crayons were broken. I am very pissed off.
"I thought this was great until I realized it did not retain the a-arm pins. Of course, now half of my pins are in a dirt field and the rc car useless until I can order some more and maybe a Traxxas wheely bar."
Never again as this product failed big time in its first use. Seams popped right open. Huge summertime disappointment for my kids. 😤
"I just bought this and it came in the mail today. To my dismay it only holds about 85single sleeved cards, meaning it also will not hold 80 double sleeved cards. I would like a replacement."
These did not come off easily. And once one were easily rubbed off.
The tip of the jet doesn't stay closed in jet mode.
Wished I did not purchase this! Bubbles do not work and one of the suction cups will not stick to the wall. Very disappointed.
front bucket is plastic and does not work my son was dissapointed
1st one did not work at all the 2nd you can't hear the purring at all not point.
After one wash it was ruined.
All of the balls were NOT stress ball foam. Some are cheaply stuffed with white stuffing. Not happy.
CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP.  Feels like it came from the Dollar store. Poor quality.
"Disappointed!  I paid 13.95 for this, and no beach toys came with it. Maybe I should of read it clearly, but the bag is worth to the most $2! Rip off!!!!"
"Very bad quality compared to the motors I ordered direct from Sunnysky. There are visible lathing lines on the metal where it should be smooth, the bearings click right out of the box, and the shaft sticks out much further below the motor than it should.<br /><br />Not really sure how these motors can differ so much from each other under the same name. I do not recommend buying these motors from this site, rather go to a reputable Sunnysky motor dealer and buy them from there."
This item became very hot and could not be used any further because of the hot plastic.  My granddaughter does not use it anymore.
"Absolute waste, item arrived broken."
Two words did not match the picture.
poor results - save your money and get a bug zapper - doesn't do anything to keep mosquitos away
"Worked for a minute then broke. Good light, terrible design"
Fun but it broke after a few uses. Farts uncontrollably when turned on. Which is funny on its own I suppose
the package arrived today and Mr. Smee's leg and feet were broken upon arrival (see first photo). Then within an hour the stand for Izzy also broke off. Highly disappointed.
"It's so small! I wasn't paying close enough attention when I ordered it and thought it was a decent size...like something my 2 year old could sit in front of and play like a real drum set sized fora  toddler. But it's miniature. Seems a lot more fitting for a 6 month old. In fact when my two year old saw it in the box (waiting for me to return it), he said &#34;baby toy?&#34; Two thumbs down."
"Very disappointed in this item. Was excited when it arrived, it's super cute. But within the first two days the lobster clasp broke, and then it fell apart."
Actual lunch box size is ridiculously small. Can't really be used by a fourth grader.
"Horrible material!!! So cheap !!! Sharp corners, very cheap plastic... Phone, stethoscope, beeper don't work!!! The case is horrible, you can't even close it! So uneven and sharp edges....So not worth the money.... I could get those toys at dollar store... I'm really disappointed with Learning Resources... I got another toys from this company, I thought they were going to be as good as they were.... I'm gonna think twice next time before getting anything from Learning Resources.... I usually don't write reviews but I'm so upset about this product that I had to say something about it..."
Cheapest quality &#34;do it yourself&#34; kit I have ever purchased for my kiddos. The screws continously fall out as you pound your hammer on it in attempt to add the additional screws it directs you to do. Planes fell apart within minutes of kids finishing them due to the building materials being so cheap! Waste of money. Home Depot & Lowe's kits are 100x better quality!
I bought one of these at the beach a couple years ago for less than $5. No way is it worth $30.
broken when it arrived
I got this for my birthday. It didn't work.
"I really wish I'd listened to all of the negative reviews. I'm a volunteer at a primary school clinic, and our kids are dropping baby teeth like crazy--at lunch, in their classrooms, and even in the hall right outside the clinic. We started out the school year (two weeks ago) with 30 tooth holders, and now we're down to about 5. Amazon.com to the rescue! Well, not quite....<br /><br />I received my (well packaged, well padded) box containing the mini tooth chests within the 2-day Prime shipment estimate, which is good since we're in a bit of a pinch. The bag contained 3 colors of chests--purple, pink, and orange. It would have been nice to get additional colors (such as the ones in the photo), but at this point I'm not picky; we just need something that will safely store those bloody baby teeth so the kids can take them home and let the Tooth Fairy do the rest. Having read a few of the negative reviews, I realized that I needed to test the chests before I brought them to school. The first pink chest closed just fine. The next one was was missing a tab that secures the &#34;lock&#34;--it didn't stay closed. A third purple chest was missing a tab, so of course that one wouldn't stay closed. I tested 20 of these chests, and only 6 would stay closed. After some quick calculating I realized that out of 144 chests, there probably were only around 40 that would stay closed. Sorry for the language, but that is some p*$$-poor quality control, and I am not a happy customer.<br /><br />I've started the return process stating that these chests were &#34;defective&#34;--hopefully I will get my $$ back so I can order tooth holders that will actually perform the job as described."
"They do Not fill up very much.  This means that they bounce off when thrown.  The next time I filled up a couple hundred I filled & had dinner.  Came bout & almost all of them had leaked out.  Not very happy kids.<br /><br />I would NOT purchase this item again, or recommend anyone.  Is there a rating that can be chosen that is less than 1 star???"
What a piece of garbage. The fins are part of a foam sleeve that was ripped in half before I opened the box. I rigged it with some rubberbands. Then the launch tube is full of holes which is a great idea for making sure the vinegar and baking soda mix EXCEPT there are HOLES in it so there is no way to fill it with baking soda. The baking soda just falls out as fast as you fill it. This thing is a total scam.
"This doesn't work -- I bought this thinking that a small version of this type of bubble blower would work best for short (e.g., child's) arms but we didn't succeed in getting bubbles. Thinking it might have been the bubble solution (which _was_ indeed part of the issue -- this solution didn't provide decent bubbles in other sword-style blower), emptied and refilled with solution known to work well -- managed one bubble and then nothing after that. Sorry, folks, spend the bigger bucks and be happy -- we have the Unbelievable Bubble (bought at same time as this one) and are much much happier with it (especially when used with the bubble solution that came with it ... wish it came with more!!). We used the Unbelievable Bubble first so we knew how to use the device."
This is low quality! Constantly falling apart and having to be rebuilt.  Even the sticker decals fall right off.  We are very disappointed.
Horrible not even the same as the picture
I wish I read the reviews before I bought this! They do not change color :(
Leaked after one splatter. :(
"Very fragile<br />After the first crash my son had, the front plastic piece came off."
Came with parts missing. Such a disappointment.
"Well, the picture is deceiving as this item is at least 50% pink and while my grandsons aren't weird about pink things, I still would have liked to GET WHAT I SEE on the listing and so found this transaction to be somewhat dissatisfying from the get-go!"
"This puzzle was an immediate hit with my son who is almost a year old. As soon as he grabbed the first piece it was ruined within minutes because he put it in his mouth (which is a normal development stage for 12 month olds). The animals are just stickers on top NOT PAINTED on and any moisture causes them to peel/dissolve immediately. I'm so disappointed to have waste money on this. It's also disappointing that it appears all m & d toys are being made in China. No thanks, I rather buy quality toys like haba and hape where I trust their standards and safety."
Cheaply made. Just ugly quality. I'll be finding my daughter a different costume. Sad to see something Disney made so cheap.
Did not have the USPCC stamp. And not a trick deck even though it says it in description.
Having had purchased 2 other Smart Gear balance bikes over the year.  This current bike is poorly made and cheap.
These things broke the first day. Not good quality. I should have gone to the dollar store & got the other ones.
The water balloons fill up as advertised and it is a cool concept.  Unfortunately the rubber band ties do not hold water in balloons. And 80% plus are already deflated.  If you are in possession I recommend hand tying each balloon after it is filled.  Which defeats the purpose of this  product.  Photo shows what remains of th 148 balloons.
Eyes washed away the second day we got it! :(
I just received this and 2 pieces were broken.
This was supposed to be a pack of  2. But only one arrived. Total rip off for that much money.
"My 7-year-old LOVED this toy. We only played with it a few times at the fields near our house because it shoots really far. It was really fun, but the bow string got brittle and broke over the summer just sitting in her room. I, too, looked for a replacement string, but there are none. She was really upset and now she is anxiously waiting to ask Santa for a new one.  I will not be buying this brand again. Bummer."
Fell apart the first day of use during my sons birthday party. My kids are 8 and 11.
Dont buy this.
the size came stained with some of the lead...
"My 7 month old baby has no interest in it, which surprised me because she really likes balls."
"This item has became mute after only two weeks. I didn't mind at all, but my poor daughter is upset. Cost way to much to buy another one to replace. Put two different sets of batteries in and still nothing."
"The costume looks cheap, unpleasent for the girl to wear. Not a good buy :-("
I know it's only a few $$$ but stickers are all misplaced in helmut and a piece of crappy plastic.
Poor quality product. Right leg broke shorty after opening.
"False advertising, these aren't full art lands."
"I am so thankful you sent this to me....I cannot find my receipt for this purchase and while almost everything else I get from Amazon is awesome, this has been quite disappointing. These both worked for about a week, then the ability to turn the sprayer off, stopped working, therefore the batteries wear out quickly! These were birthday gifts for my 7 and 4 year old grandsons and were by far their favorite while they worked! Please tell me what to do to remedy this solution! Thank you, Terri Neal, 325-669-9032, bearsmama@aol.com"
Not my favorite.
"Cheaply made, packaged, piece of junk."
The seams came apart 1 day after I bought it. You get what you pay for.
way too small for 12 inch 1/6 scale....my figure is only 11 inch and these boots are only 2 thirds the size of itss feet so cant be used
TO MUCH  DANG MONEY FOR STUPID POKEMON CARD THAT JUST SUCKS YOU SHOULD NOT BUY THIS IF YOU DO WOW JUST WOW
Meh
"This item does not include a &#34;LiPo Battery & Charger&#34; as indicated in the item title. I hardly expected it to given the price, but sometimes you get lucky. The package only includes the charger (pictured),  and that does not even work for me. I used the 12v cable from my Turningy Accucell6 battery charger because the socket size is the same, and the red led came on. But when i plugged the battery in, all it would do is momentarily flash the green light and the red light stayed on, indicating it was doing nothing. According to the only included directions, which are on the front of the charger, when you plug in the charger to power the red light will come on. When you plug the battery in the green light is supposed to come on also. When I plugin a battery nothing happens except that momentary flash of green. It does not appear to be charging. I tried this with a 3S 2200 mah 11.1v battery that was depleted to 10v and an identical battery that was charged to about 90% at 12.3v and both did the same thing. There's no buttons on here so its anyone's guess to what its doing. And since the green light does not even stay on, I dont trust this thing."
This came broke!
"Alarm is a annoing beep sound from 80s, not a song! Song only plays if you press song button which is useless. Alarm will sound for 15 minutes unless turn off with inconvenient switch on the back."
"This cover is not made well. Always slips off. Almost impossible to put on without a second person. I purchased it to keep the pool covered, but since it always fell off I gave up & left of off. It also has a hole after 2 months of not staying on."
"Purchasing this was such a waste of time. First the package was kinda opened already. I thought &#34;crap, this isn't gonna work. Someone had already purchased this it probably didn't work&#34;. But, I decided to try it out. And... it didn't work."
Junk
Cheap looking.
Solid Quartz only in the middle. False advertising
Not worth the money. Bad quality.
they do not fill all the way.  many have holes and they leak once filled.  i would say 1 in three balloons is actually useful.  so basically a waste of money.  they are easy to fill though.
Wasn't as thick as pictured
Terrible item to buy
too small...my son didn't care for it
Zipper is terrible. My petite 4 year old daughter struggled to even breathe and move wearing it the first time for her Cinderella party until finally the poor quality zipper busted open within 5 minutes beyond repair. I couldn't return it because I bought the dress over a month before her birthday so excited to have it for her party. Now I'm at the point of no return with a broken dress that wasn't exactly cheap.
"Prime complaints: The bear has a big gash extending from the right arm all the way to mid way point on the neck. This was hidden by the bow on the neck and thus was not apparent. The bear is also not of great quality. We already had a different teddy bear bought locally in US and compared to that this bear is way inferior. We could and should have returned it but my daughter who was waiting for this to arrive for a very long time, got attached and would not let us return.<br />Secondary complaints: The bear is smaller than what is shown but also even than expectation. Came after what was an eternity (though granted that was expected) but the tracking number was of China Post which obviously is of not much use."
"This toy is a piece of junk. My son got it as a birthday gift and loved it, but the on/off switch broke in 5 minutes. We returned the first and ordered another one hoping we would have better luck and within the first day the lights quit working and the audio keeps skipping like a broken record, even after a second set of brand new batteries. We are keeping it because my son loves it and doesn't want to return it, but it is very poor quality. Buyer beware!"
Nice try bootleggers try again next time
"I ordered the penguin but a dog came instead. Was not excited about it being a dog but because it was sent as a gift to the person, Grandma Penguin, she loved it & kept it. However, I am very dissatisfied that it was a dog & not the penguin."
"This is a piece of junk.  I purchased one from Babies R Us for my child's first birthday.  When I took it out of the box, there were deep scratches in the plastic body.  I took it back to exchange it for another one.  After I put together the next one, I discovered that one of the plastic pieces that the canopy rod fits in was disfigured and would not accept the canopy rod.  After two defective wagons, I am going to have to get something that isn't made by Radio Flyer.  Way to ruin my idea of giving an all-American first birthday gift, Radio Flyer."
Very Cheap toy.  The writing is only in Chinese.  And the sticker that is on the front was coming off when we pulled it out of the box.  I got this to give for toys for tots. and can't do it.  Ended up throwing it away.
These did not last long at all in my toddler's shoes. Came off quickly. Definitely don't work on any shoe with texture on the footpad (like crocs).
Not glow at all. Don't buy this.
"didn't look anything like the picture.....small, hair was shedding.... the face was nothing like the picture."
"I will say that when I originally purchased this item my daughters (5 and 3 years old) were thrilled with it. We've only used it a handful of times. In that time I have repaired multiple tears, always along the seams of the plastic, inside and underneath the pool. Given the way that this product is made, the pool continues to leak because it has become impossible to find the source of some tears, most likely hidden with the many folds around the slide. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. This purchase has been a huge disappointment."
"Many of them did not fill up, and they don't pop. Great concept if it worked. Waste of money."
"My son was so excited to get this, but it only worked for 6 seconds. We retuned it for another, and the second one also worked for a second. The customer service was exceptional. They were very quick to get us our new product and ups picked up the broken One at our home."
"Very poorly made, it was already falling apart when it arrived."
To small
Deflated after one use. It was awesome for those three hours.
"This set is poorly designed junk. The hockey puck does not slide on ordinary paved surfaces, nor would it work on grass. Useless. The soccer ball is pathetic. Its basically a dog toy sold in a set for kids. You can get a much better soccer ball for children at any sports store. As for the sticks and net, what you are getting is basically HALF of what you need to have any real fun. You get one net, and two sticks. But there are four attachments for those sticks: two hockey and two lacrosse. The attachments go on by way of a crude lock-in system that requires pushing very gently on a button-- to make the attachments go on-- but that requires a very HARD push to get them off again. My son and I could not get the lacrosse attachments off the sticks except by squeezing HARD on that button. Unfortunately, one of the buttons was squeezed so hard that it went in-- and did not pop back out again. Now that stick is junk. We have just one stick now and its staying on its lacrosse setting. You'll need to buy extra sticks if you want to enjoy this set with less stress, so that your hockey and lacrosse sticks are ready when your kids are and don't need to be changed. But I wouldn't even bother buying this set for its sticks because they are made from clunky metal-- why not just get your kids the right sized, lower-end equipment made from wood or plastic and that requires no assembly? The set makes enjoying sports horribly complicated.<br /><br />The net went together easily enough, but its not something I'd want to take apart and do over again each time they wanted to play. So it takes up a large part of our basement. What I dislike most about the set is the cheapness of the materials. It has great gift appeal: It was my preschooler's favorite birthday present and his 7-year-old brother was even excited when it was opened. The picture on the box had my kids giddy to take it out right away. But once we had it out, and realized how little there really was to play with, the qualityof which was all around inferior, our excitement waned and this toy will probably make an appearance in next year's yard sale. Its a flashy toy with excellent gift appeal: Its best use is pretend-play for little kids. But keep in mind it has all the caveats of a self-assembled toy."
Skeleton does NOT laugh or light up as description says it does. Noticed there is a deluxe model maybe that one lights up and laughs but this one says it does and DOES NOT!
Lasted one day
Terrible
This does NOT come with the toy car seat.<br />It is only the hanging toys.
Thing are very small. And the size of the stuff do not much the size of the containers.
Not quality AT ALL! But I guess I expected that for the price.
I am dissapionted with this whole purchase. It came with only a few balls an won't stay inflated. Horrible waste of money!
"Total piece of junk. That is not an HD camera. It does not even have an SD card to store the photos, you can only transmit them to your cell phone and the images are worse than 320x240. In addition it does random 360 flips even though my fingers are nowhere near the button and I've tried several different modes to avoid this. And the worst thing is that when you download their app on to your cell phone it includes a virus that you can only remove by going back to your cell phone vendor. I almost feel like this is a product of the Chinese military and is being used to infect people's cell phones. Whatever the virus is, it tried to gain access to my credit card numbers. I don't think this is a coincidence. I was attacked right after downloading their app."
This was a birthday gift for my 3 year old.  The tracks are great and you can do a lot with them.  However the quality of the cars is very poor.  The second day it quit working.  The lights came on and the wheels spun but it didn't go anywhere.  New batteries didn't fix the problem.  He was very upset by it.  I'm debating buying additional cars in hopes that this was just a lemon or looking for a different brand that might also fit on the tracks.
Skates blades come out so I had to return it
Horrible would not remove from backing just kept crumbling this is my 3rd time using an edible image and the only one i had an issue with
These are water filled and we never got to use them because most of them leaked! They are now dog toys.
Complete waste of money. 3/4 of the balloons didn't fill and those that did barely filled and leaked right out.
"You get what you pay for, or in this case, even less. Very cheaply made, cheap toy."
"When I received my chalk, there was 4 usable pieces  of white chalk and only 4 not broken in half or more of the colored chalk. I would not recommend this purchase based on the bad packaging, no way could the chalk survive."
"Although the box appeared to be new and sealed, there was no poster inside and the &#34;collectible&#34; cards were disappointing."
Did not run
"If I could give this 0 stars I would. Don't be fooled by the photos, all you get are a bunch of cheap plastic pieces you hope to get together."
Horrible paint job. Lots of run off and overspray. Gold paint drip spots on mask. Plastic is scuffed and badly scratched.
"Very disappointed with the quality of this item.  It looked good online, but not in real life."
High price
One of her arms fell off as soon as I took her out of the box. Very cheaply made. Was not impressed at all
"The balloons were really small and water leaked out while we were filling more balloons. Waste of money!! We refilled some of the balloons and the balloons wouldn't bust easily, kids complained they hurt too bad to throw at each other."
The base of the toy cracked in half! I would definitely not recommend this toy. KidKraft's policy says that I'm &#34;out of warranty&#34; - it's only been 9 months since I purchased it for my toddler!
Terrible
Product was not liked at all by my little 2yr old niece.  Waste of money.
Absolute crap.<br />These are the tiny ones.
It was saggy and easily popped
Very poor product. Getting the handset to talk to the drone is problematic and the instructions written in very bad English. Avoid
There is NO WAY this  is a 10x magnifier! What trash. The package doesn't even indicate magnification. Don't waste your money
Does not fit!
Received broken piece
I expect more  for that....
one of the motors broke only 2 days into use. Very disappointing
The item broke in a matter of 5 minutes.  It is not a Fun Log.  Kids can't have any fun on it as it will break.  We were offered a second one and that one broke just as quickly.  It has an inner plastic tubing that holds all the foam pieces on but can't withstand any amount of flexing.
"Not good.  About 10% of the balloons actually worked and those that did were pretty small.  See the attached pictures, the bag is full of balloons that either didn't blow up or deflated within a minute.  Very disappointed"
"I an throwing this one away.  The fact that it is a &#34;painting&#34; makes it hard to see clear matches of the pieces.  Do not buy this puzzle, I'm not even donating it like I do most puzzles.  It would not help anyone.  The pieces are also not completely interlocking so you are sometimes not sure if the piece it correct or not."
TERRIBLE!!!! So deceiving.  What you picture is NOT what you get.  You get a tiny box of 500 ammo refills even though it pictures other items.  Shipping is more than the cost of the item. Shame on us for not reading the review...but maybe by adding another review it will help someone else avoid the same stupid mistake - but shame on you Maya Group for being so deceptive in the first place.  Clear advertising will help cultivate satisfied customers.
Very disappointed!  This product was just plastic bendable and cheap!  No good!
Poor design!  Assembled it over 20 times and now it's sitting in the closet as 3 1/2-year-olds cannot put it together & falls apart with a touch.  They play with the chandelier and car that it came with.
They dont even bounce that well
"These look adorable online, but in real person, they are cheap looking ."
This is a joke. The book is the size of the Palm of your hand. It just made us all laugh and laugh.
Cheaply constructed controller. Flew OK a few times. No reverse. Now it flops like a fish out of water. Won't fly at all. Save your money for something better like a Syma. Just because it's &#34;the world's smallest&#34; is no reason to spend your money on this inferior toy.
The picture is completely wrong. It actually shows the items that come in the Baby Alive Cookie Treat Set.<br />This set comes with completely different tools.<br />Very upsetting!
Hi the marvel spiderman walkie didnot work what can i do
There were parts missing once it arrived new in package.
"Oh my god, well maybe I started off a little dramatic. Fact is though, this pretty little kitchen started falling apart within a week, after a month or so, every door had broken off, after 2 moths the whole thing was leaning. This product is bad, Purchased a different one from IKIA, I usually do not like IKIA products, but it turned out to be 10 times better than this one. Sorry to give a bad review, but this product was a 100% waste of my money."
"What piece of junk.  Broke immediately.  Disappointed my child.<br />Was going to return it, but so annoyed and frustrated I packaged it up and forgot to drop it off. Ugh!!"
"The sticky backing on the die cuts had arrived dried up and looked old.  Because it wasn't sticky, it was useless and a waste of money!"
CUBE SUCKS<br />AFTER ABOUT 3 WEEKS OF USE<br />THE INNER PIECES BREAK!
"not even close to correct size, slip seemed to be different size then dress.  Ordered size bigger thinking it would for sure fit in two months, fit about 2 sizes to small"
"Fun thing to show but careful as the handle doesn't seem like it can hold up to the job for long. Used it on one bottle thus far, worried to push my luck. Granted you can separate the opener from the screwdriver but then what's the point?"
"Do NOT be swayed by the posted size of this hand held game (Product Dimensions: 1.8 x 7.5 x 10.2 inches ; 8 ounces).  The packaging may be that big, but the product is most certainly NOT.  Although I do like the game it's small size is totally not what I was looking for."
I could not find this item anywhere except on Amazon.  It was great; my granddaughter loved it.
Broke the next day we got it!
"DO NOT BUY FIR YOUR FAMILY.<br />No shelf box and No repair kit.<br />Came with dried Mud, dirt footprints, grass clippings and dead bugs.<br />Just wow. I can only assume whether there were leaks or tears."
It is a cool guy.
"1$ store stuff, the only reason this would be worth it is if you live in Alaska or don't want to go shopping, otherwise visit your local 1$ store and you will save money."
"Personally, I feel that this is way overpriced for what we got. I thought it would be better quality hence why I spend the money. The scissors don't Kil personally, I feel that this is way overpriced for what we got. I thought it would be better quality hence why I spend the money. The scissors  are awful. The colored pencils break constantly, The markers are OK except they form excess The markers are OK except they form excess  build up on the ends that you have to pull off it was actually a lot smaller than I expected too! I could've bought Cindarella staff individually with a Cinderella case and spent a third of the money I did  I could've bought Cindarella staff individually with a Cinderella case and spent a third of the money I did on this"
Most confusing game and long set-up.  Got it as a Christmas gift for my dad.  Bad decision we didn't end up playing because it was so difficult to setup.
Did not look or feel anything like the picture.  They weren't even knit.  They were cloth.
Missing 10 sticks. Very very dissapointed.
None
Leaks water everywhere
NOT IMPRESSED THE PARTS DID NOT COME WITH THE GAME.<br />What game doesn't come with the parts to play with it. I u Der stand batteries but seriously the parts. No impresses at all.
"This came turned on so its almost dead, didn't come with the micro usb that should have been included per the directions, and the box was completely beat up, horrible horrible condition !!"
I ordered purple and received pink!
&#34;Too juvenile&#34; for my 11 year old :(
"Counterfeit of old (analog) version of SG90.<br /><br />There are a lot of differences between this listing and genuine SG90.<br /><br />(1) The gear set of genuine SG90 consists of one tiny metal gear and several plastic gears.  However, the gear set of this imitation is made of all plastic gears.<br />(2) The size and shape of the font on the label is different from the genuine label.<br />(3) Genuine SG90 has an embossed logo of &#34;Tower pro&#34; on the top panel.  Cf. [[ASIN:B00VUJ3GYM Digital Micro Servo SG90]]"
This item is not for innotab max and that's what I wanted
"They came in multiple colors of yellow (dark, light, medium) and a few of them have holes drilled in the middle. Not what I was expecting especially after getting 2 packs. Not good!"
THIS ITEM ONLY BUZZES ON UR HAND BUT DOESNT SHOCK
"Um, ice cube tray?!"
Unfortunately this water bottle leaked all over the inside of my sons lunchbox. Now we just use it at home.
"The size is good. However, I thought i could use it for card magic but its too slippery that my carpet would be better for it. Also the smell is too terrible as if its made straight out of tire or something, also one side of edge won't  lay straight .. But because its too smelly i had to re seal it and put it in the garage. Will just sell it on yard sale if smell doesn't go away :("
"The quality is beyond believable! One of two items purchased does not work at all, the second works, but I had to wrap it with duck-tape as it was falling apart."
Not well made. Cheap and poor quality.
Super small size... in addition size of the skillet and other stuff are too big for the chicken (therefore they fall from it). Produce products do not fit in the plates and other containers. I would not recommend this.
"This relatively expensive toy does NOTHING for the child to interact. No doors open, no moving or action features. There is nowhere to put the action figures. It's basically a huge model."
Doesn't work. Instructions are rotten.  Do not buy this product.
Broke after 3 uses.
"I wish I could give this no stars. After we opened the box, we saw that we only got the doll, not the skateboard. You can't see everything inside the box, only the doll. So now we can't even send it back and get a refund. Don't buy this product, you don't know if you'll get ripped off or not."
"Kids loved it, but literally after an hour of use seams started coming apart and ripping. Hated that the quality was low, didn't want to have to return it."
These were too big on the wrists for  little kids. Wish they were tighter.
"Flimsy, don't close properly, small (not large or even medium), waste of money!"
"She doesn't move very much, I have her on the dashboard so the sun can power her but she hardly moves"
Didn't work
Arrived broken
"This thing is awful.  It falls apart as you play with it.  The pieces don't snap together.  They just kind of sort of go into each other.  Play for 5 minutes, spend a few minutes putting it back together, repeat, repeat, repeat.  Also, it doesn't stand up strait.  Flimsy plastic.  Just really the worst toy.  So disappointing."
"What a disappointment, has only been ran a half dozen time and the ECS has a short in it. No problem all I have to do is sink another $250.00 for a replacement one from Axial. I did find a new one on Ebay for half the price, but still I am disappointed. I will not buy any more Axial as research says the ECS's are junk. I am happy with the Redcat cars, they take a beating and the replacement parts are not to unreasonable."
it suck guess what i got 16 horrible cards no good ones DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT EVER  ITLL TRICK YOU BY THE COVER
"Shameful! This is a joke.  The alarm is not the song, it is a shrill beep. You can't deactivate the alarm unless you flip a switch on the back. There is no volume control. The clock face only lights if you push a tiny little button in the midst of other tiny buttons..in the dark. Any little girl that would want this will not be able to use this. It runs on batteries.<br />It is almost like the designers intentionally sat down and though how to deceive and hurt little girls."
Not worth the money!!!
Pathetically tiny pieces about half the size of normal bones.
"Does WORK - it work for 5 min. and froze up- HOW do I make it work! Nice  paper weight on my desk,"
The picture is not like what came in the mail.  Very unhappy with product since it isn't what my daughter picked out.  Now I am stuck with something that isn't wanted.
Lot of cracks
"Purchased for my grand-daughter's ages 3 and 4. They were disappointed because the color didn't change as they expected.  I even placed ice cubes in the water. The positive was it kept them occupied, sitting and waiting, and staring and waiting, and poking and waiting.  Needless to say they no longer want to have anything else to do with the doll.  For me that equates to a total waste of money!"
They broke while we put them together.  I am bummed because we waited too long and now I cannot return them.  Not worth the purchase.
This tent isn't very good it tips over an my granddaughter gets so upset ! I wish I had not ordered this one .
Item was received completely broken. Cute concept but packaging failed somehow.
Fell apart on the first day of use.
The description claims that this item is 4.4&#34;x7.4&#34;x2.4&#34; THAT IS NOT WHAT I RECEIVED. The &#34;toy&#34; I received was half the size advertised. It is actually 2&#34;x3.25&#34;x1.5&#34; Very disappointed. Don't waste a penny on this falsely advertised product
Very small.. Not at all what I was expecting for the price I paid..
Poor quality
"Buyer beware!!!<br />The only good thing this POS has going for it is that its fast.  Other than that, heres my list of complaints.  The first time it put it in the water it ran for about a minute and stopped steering. Retrieved it and it was full of water which killed the steering servo.  Sent it back for an exchange. Got the new one and it did the same thing within a minute.  Here's the list of modifications I had to do to make it right.  1 - steering linkage wire is way to thin and does not make a watertight seal through the cheap rubber seal in the hull.  Had to fabricate a new through-hull seal.  2- when you reverse the boat it floods because the hull is 2 pieces and NOT sealed with any kind of glue or rubber.  Tried to separate the hull and the nose is glued in place so removing the 4 screws only allowed the rear pieces to partially separate. Used aquaseal around the seam where I could.  The connection plug to the steering servo gets wet with the slightest amount of water in the hull so agua sealed the plug. 3 - even when the steering servo worked, it does not push the rudder to its limits so the boat barely steers.  Had to fabricate extension levers for both the servo and the rudder to get the servo to push the rudder to its limits.  the rudder also had a tab that stopped it from steering to the limit on 1 side so had to grind that off as well.  SAVE YOUR MONEY - and buy a product that has had some R&D put into it.  After about 6 hours of labor in my workshop the thing finally works for more than a minute - it does go fast though but seriously not worth the money or effort.  Find a good hobby shop and spend the extra money to get a decent piece of equipment - this one sucks!!!"
"I had a lot of hope for this product but it was short lived. Most balloons didn't fill. The ones that did fill immediately unfilled. The few that stay filled hurt the children when they were being thrown because they wouldn't pop. Waste of money, will not order again."
"Well the fact that is expensive, i don't recommend this product, because you can make it on your self. this will onl;y last you 2 days after that it will turn hard and useless. save your money and grt the stuff to make it your self."
"If I could give zero stars, I would.  I'm so disappointed.  My son opened these on Thursday for his birthday. We played with them about 10 minutes and one stopped working properly.  The first few times, we were able to run them on the cement, then put them in the pool and have them go to the end of the pool and run up the beach entry.  Then, one of them stopped going backward so you couldn't maneuver it,  then it would go backward for a couple of seconds, then stop and just jerk along.  Took it out of the water, and the same thing.  We decided to let them dry out and were out of town for the weekend.  I just got home, and the same thing is happening, except, now it just jerks going forward too,  rendering it useless.  The blue one still works, for now, but the reason we got two is to race.  Seriously disappointed."
Not a new item as stated. Box was heavily damaged... Plastic in front broken. Sticker on it from Toys R Us for $19.99. I peeled off the sticker. But it looked as if someone else tried to peel it off before me. I am not satisfied with this purchase. The only reason I am keeping it is because I need it for a party I am throwing.
Only 15
"I received this 3x3 and immediately noticed the colors were not the same as the Rubik's brand. Not the worst thing ever, but not good for anyone who is used to the Rubik's color orientation. I tried to look past that, and was excited to try the cube out, but it was extremely difficult to turn! I grabbed my lubricant and turned the cube appropriately to open it up and the piece snapped at the base before I could open it. Broken.<br /><br />Not only that, but I did not receive the cube which is displayed in the picture. The cube I received has very harsh edges and corers, unlike the nicely rounded, correctly colored cube in the main picture.<br /><br />Terribly disappointing after waiting a full month to receive the cube.<br /><br />Will not be purchasing again."
"The only time it works is if the remote is with in 2 feet of the Morphibian Shark. Brand new batteries and the strength of the signal is so weak my Grandson had to chase behind it and bend over. Even then, sometimes that didn't work! I was going to return it, but try taking a birthday present away from a 6 year old!"
Box was sealed but was missing chair and minions...happy with the credit given.
"Cheaply produced.  Tree, etc., doesn't stand up well..."
Dont like
Went into the garbage after an hour.  Pieces are to thin and don't stay together.  A waste of money.
It does not work.
Used it once and it deflated by the end of my float trip
"Very small and not sturdy at all.  The vinyl along the edges of the net is poorly sewn and ripped when trying to stretch across the pvc. As expensive as this was I should have returned it, definitely not worth it."
Right rear motor dies after a few uses. Can't get any support or parts from the manufacturer. DO NOT BUY
World Tech Toys . Don't know why Amazon deals w/. A co. like this.Call and TRY to order a part- you will see what I mean...They SUCK!
Missing a black marble.  Now we have s game that is incomplete.  Product of china no quality control. And the marbles it does have are not round.<br /><br />I should have bought American made for the same money.  When will I learn?
Very cute looking but not a good shape for floating.
"These balloons were defective, I bought them for my son's 2nd birthday and they all popped before they could be fully inflated! Now we have no balloons for their party!"
"the figures on the two boxes are exactly the same, kinda sucks"
"Very bad, the product is not working"
"Very cheap, they would split if you pulled them too much."
"It arrived quickly, but it doesn't work.<br />I read the reviews but was hopeful I would get a working one.<br />I didn't."
Photo shows four brushes only one very expensive brush is included
"Received the wrong baby, not worth sending it back to get the right one."
"Garbage. They look cool, but most don't work at all. The couple that do you need to blow hard to get any sound - probably harder than a little kid could. Very disappointed."
Not like picture.
"the wire is NOT copper wiring and the plugs are cheap JST plugs.<br />22awg ....thin!!!! Very thin!!!<br />Cheapest plug I've ever handled.<br /><br />Oh and no free gift<br />Smh<br /><br />Oh well, I guess that's what I get when I shop price.....now go buy some quality JST plugs because I wouldn't use these on my kids toy RCs."
Looked good at first but the case falls apart quickly.  The hinges were barely secured to the case.  Even cable ties are stronger.  That is what I am using to hold the case together .  Had to drill 8 holes and put in 4 cable ties.
They broke while we put them together.  I am bummed because we waited too long and now I cannot return them.  Not worth the purchase.
There are extremely low quality.  Expect somewhere between 0 to 5 runs with this before it stops working.  The batteries are extremely poorly made and the connections come apart quickly.  I bought two of these for Christmas 2014 and neither are working and have been rotting in my basement for months.  Spend the extra money on Traxxas.
Not the original. Not the original
Not my favorite
I didnt think i would have to be picky when buying a slide whistle but this one is the worst sounding slide whistle ive ever heard
Didn't work<br />The battery was<br />Dead and I waited too long to return
Not what I wanted. Did not perform as expected.
What company sells an INFLATABLE jump house without a pump. Was bought for a 2yr old's birthday. Lovely. Thinking about returning it. Should have went with a little tykes.
Bottom of car breaks off.  Does not last longer than a week.  Every other car I get is dead on arrival.
"Bought a set for a pool party and about an hour into it, many of the balls had already lost their shape - for some, the seam had opened up. I certainly wouldn't purchase again."
Don't waste your money only half filled up and sealed the other half just let all the water out
Came oven and spilled on sides 👎🏻
"This seems like a great idea and purchase, however this cover is terrible. Super thin, waaaaay to big for the pool it was suggested for, fits nothing like the picture and ripped after 3 days."
No where does it mention this is a canadian version.  If you are in the US this game is uesless.
waste of money. stopped working after 2 days. want my money back
Poor quality and hard to inflate without all the air coming back out. 3 out of the pack wouldn't even hold air.<br />You would probably have better luck at your local dollar store.
this was plastic - not crystal.
Horrible not worth its price...Would of returned it if not for son opening it
Wow this is small i would not pay a dollar for it !
"Brittle plastic, broke on initial assembly."
The balls are nice but the package advertised 24 balls when there are only 12 balls in the package.
"Awful case!  The cards fit so tightly into the plastic insert, you can't get them out again.  I had to use a knife... Incredible they would let a product like this into the market.  Total waste!!!"
I haven't been able to make this work. I tried searching for instructions online but it's not as intuitive as you would think.
"The first one broke the first day, and the replacement only lasted 3 day's. Will be returning and getting a refund for this item. Poor quality!"
"Cute, but immediately sprung a leak. :("
Bad
kids love it
The description stated there would be 50 and there was only 30 in the package. In addition I waited almost a month to receive the erasers.
The strings were too short and kept coming out of the lanterns.
Just received it today and experience problems already- so expensive and not even working properly
It leaked air first time I inflated it. Threw it away!
"Terrible, doesn't work"
"This product is absolute garbage. It has never worked, not even once.  Save your money and don't buy this product.  That's about all I have to say about that."
Not what we expect
Sticks to your hands. Crazy sand works better.
"Cars fall off easy, track loss of power in some spots, both cross areas of track had to be removed cars hang up, lap counter is to stiff actually stops the cars, controllers really suck, cord is to short on controllers and power cord, shipping was slower then expected! We do not like this one it's not a good one. The other review with 5 stars is clearly bogus!"
I received a different part from the one pictured and listed.
"Terrible quality. An adult can hardly push these pieces in place, let alone a child. Also, there's lots of shaved wood falling off of pieces. Dangerous for kids who could get them in their fingers or step on them. I returned it."
&#34;Colors may vary&#34;... Beware!!! Mine are ALL GREEN!  i wanted a variety as the picture shows.
poor design connection to antenna can be easily broken if not careful
"We ordered this but it came as a fire truck instead of a police car.  Otherwise it was worked out fine, there are footholes in it as well"
Not very durable
Its ok got it today and opened my package for my daughter and got the wrong lamb for my daughter and i got really upset so ill give it 1 star
This thing was terrible!!
These are absolutly not neon. Only the pink is a neon. If you want actual neon crayons you must order the crayola nifty neon set.
Cheap knockoff.Not as good as real LEGO.
Evil
My grandson loves Hoist!
Very disappointed! The pursed is not hinged at all!!
"Never got a chance to turn it on. Started smoking and had a loud &#34;pop&#34; as soon as batteries were placed inside.  Contacted seller and was supposed to get some kind of tech support, never happened. Total waste of money."
Broken
"Bubbles kind of come out 1 side, but don't come out at all the other side. Total waste of money."
"If i could rate this, and the customer service 0 stars i would! First off, yes its cheap plastic, but the item itself was cheap, and I'd bought it for my classroom for little kids to look at it. I didn't want something expensive. However - it did not work, at all, with batteries in it!!! After reading reviews I noticed all of them said it was a 9V battery, yet the item i received clearly showed spots for 4 AA batteries.  I tried two different sets of batteries and it still didnt work.  And yes, they were brand new batteries.  After i contacted the seller via the question and answer section, they asked me if I was sure they were new batteries..really??? and then assured me that their products use 9V batteries.  So, fine..I tried 9V and guess what.. they didnt fit! Because the slots clearly showed 4AA batteries!! I tried calling the number they gave me and no one ever answered or called back. Waste of time!"
"Nice toy when works. Replaced it 2 times because stops working. Now the 3rd time, I am just returning it."
Didnt come with hammer! Other than that awesome figure but as a collector without the hammer its worthless.
"Absolutely horrible product.  I am an expert at product assembly and have done it professionally for years.  I supervised my son on each and every step and was highly exacting in how each part was labeled, treated, and assembled.  We put it together step by step with maximum care, and by the instructions, and it resulted in a robot capable of only 1/2 of 1 wheel rotation because of a FAULTY solenoid in the motor.  This literally resulted in my 6 year old spending the last half of his birthday party crying in a corner and wondering what he did wrong.  He did nothing wrong.  This product on the other hand did EVERYTHING wrong."
they are very temporary as they wear off very quickly more quickly then other temporary tattoos.
"Description said 12pcs minions...I received 2, one inch key chains! I'm pretty sure the math doesn't add up. The minions were a gift and they took a month to arrive! The paint is, like the reviews, and not finished well at all."
Shopping cart is too small for a two-year-old and don't like it at all !
Horrible experience ....my grandson was so excited when shark arrived. We opened an sit to play ...the second snap of jaws...broke the toy. You can imagine all the tears...<br />Very disappointed.
"This quadcopter had many great reviews and youtubes, I must have just gotten a bad one, mine would not get off the ground.  send it back and  ordered the UTO  and it was absolutely phenomenal!"
"didn,t work"
"i am writing this because I love quads and fpv but this quad will only hurt the industry<br /><br />I bought one online not Amazon<br />Mine has been great so far but I had to buy a $40 battery box frame to strengthen up the frame.<br />Trust me, there as been so many that had the FOD (flip of death)<br />Which the quad will flip over and head straight to ground most of them causing the quad to break the power board or in half!!!<br /><br />Walkera should be fined for allowing this release!!!!<br />Now every quad has its issues but the FOD is NOT something that should be allowed.<br />Just search if u don't believe me.<br /><br />I could go on.....<br /><br />I used to love Walkera products<br />Sorry guys"
I don't like!
"My child absolutely loved the look of the lunchbox, but it the handle broke off after using it six times."
"Received my F550 not much you have to do to assemble. After charging the battery and putting on the propeller blades, I turned on the transmitter and plugged up the battery. I waited for the GPS to find a signal and armed the hexcopter....... Nothing happened. Tried to bind the transmitter again to the receiver....still nothing. Emailed the seller and the and followed the instructions he gave .....still nothing. Don't waste your time or money going to use this thing as parts for another heccopter I'm buying from a US distributor ......Chinese piece of junk!"
It only worked once since I bought it.
"After only a few days in the water, the Mama dolphin started leaking air.  We determined it was at the site where you blow it up.  Impossible to patch.  Had to order a new one.  We shall see what happens with this one."
"cheapest, flimsiest puzzle I have ever done.  the worst!  pieces do not stay together."
Will not unscrew and came with no instructions. It's basically just a waste of space because we can't even put the picture in.
One of the worse toys I have ever bought for my nephew
False advertising
Not for safety. It would be great to dress up but not for protection.
It does not glow. The packaging has a warning for battery leakage but there is nothing that has batteries in the package. Disappointing....
"Kept this in storage a while before taking it out the wrapper to play.<br />HORRIBLE<br />worst micro quadcopter I've ever owned.<br />Unfortunately, it's impossible to pilot, no matter what rates you select."
Jams up a lot and rips up the bullets.
the lights dont work at all!!
To me this item suck cause I order it and didn't realize I needed to order a pump so I. Was told I have to send it back at my expenses and pay a 20%restock fee I was disappointed I couldn't order just the pump
I bought two and returned them both.  They had artifacts of shavings permanently marring the surface.
"The tally pads are a joke!  My wife ordered them for her bunco club.  The only reason they were not returned is that it cost just about as much to ship them back as they cost in the first place.  We read the reviews, which were not good, but we like to decide for ourselves. Now we have.  If you tried to take a tally score on these pads, you would get writer's cramp at best and carpal tunnel at worst.  They need to be at least 6&#34; x 4&#34;  - better at 5&#34; x 7&#34;, with a division of &#34;We&#34; on one half and &#34;They&#34; on the other half.  These do not have these sides and measure 2&#34; x 2&#34;.  I don't believe the other reviews state how really small they are - just that they are very small."
"The picture and description said these game in boxes, the pic looks like they come assembled in the boxes - they game in 8 baggies unassembled.  Was a real disappointment."
The cup is shorter than the original and it's tin so it makes way tooooooo much noise to be able to stand using it; which is the only reason I bought this.  I wanted one to match the one I already own (original).  Now will go back and order two cup that are better.  Would have returned it but the box was taken to the trash and out on the waste recycle truck before I knew about the noisy cup!
"Junk,doesn't hold air"
"This thing is essentially crap; I guess you get what you pay for.<br />The wax sucks because the thread ends up cutting through the wax easily when you try to carry something heavy with it. The thread on the other hand is a piece of sh*t. It's all bouncy and twisty and when there is no object on the other end, the thread just curls up instead of staying straight.<br /><br />DO NOT BUY WASTE OF MONEY"
They are not as good a quality as LEGO.These are cheap knockoffs.
Cheap knockoff.Not as good as real LEGO.
Bought it at a discount. I don't think it worth the price. Limited function and games to play. Touch screen is not responsive at all. Save your money to get better high tech toy for your kid
I'm a therapist and my clients like stress balls. This one just got here in the mail and it's totally flat. Total waste of money.
"My 5-year-old son absolutely loved this when it arrived.  He laughed and laughed and laughed!  Almost immediately, though, the opening started to split.  By the end of the first day, it was split so much that it's no longer useable.  Bummer."
Bags are OK but recieved some cheap rubber bands instead of pencils.  Change the product offering or deliver what you advertise.
I had high hopes for this product. Every other LeapFrog product I have ever gotten has been a great addition to my granddaughters life. The tablet they have has been just a wonderful way to have her not only learn but stay entertained on long car rides. But this? It's too confusing and way to easily broken. Now i should clarify that I'm talking about the reader pen not the book. The book is fine. But the pen takes too long to set up and even then just doesnt work. I'm very disappointed in this product. Do yourself a favor and just go buy some cheap early reader books and read them yourself.
"These are not jumbo!!! The cards that I rexeived were 6x4 inches, not the huge ones in the photo :("
A lot shorter than I thought it was
It breaks down within 15 minutes of playing. Motor partially function and one of the two rechargeable battery is dead.
"Doesn't even deserve one star. Purchased for my sons third birthday and stopped working properly within an hour. Poor design for bubble tray, but the biggest problem is the start button as other reviews have mentioned. Won't stay on, or stays on and turns off, or won't turn on at all. Almost equally problematic is the design of the wheels, which are much too small. We already owned a toy mower by step2, and my son loved it and bubbles so much that we got him this. While the other mower has large sturdy wheels, the wheels on this are flimsy, light and small, making it almost impossible to push on anything but a paved surface; ie, not only will it not turn on to blow bubbles, it can't even be pushed on the grass. We purchased him another, cheaper mower by a different brand (maybe Fischer price?) and it is infinitely better in quality and design, and has nice large, heavy wheels that make it easy to push through grass. I didn't return in time because I didn't want my son to have to give up a new birthday present that he was so excited about, but no one else should waste their time or money on this toy, it's junk."
"The description for the toy is 6 inches, whereas the actual toy is 9-10 inches. I'm very disappointed that they would lie about this. My son wanted a Thor toy that was smaller and the same size as his other action figures, and now this one will be a giant."
Never received the product as promised and no refund.  Lame.
"This is way too small, not at all what I saw at the airport. And the material is not soft or smooth. Not well made."
Less than week- stopped working. Returned.
"Very small, very fragile. It broke into pieces on the second day my son was playing with it. Very disappointing.."
"Item was badly damaged, and took a long time to arrive."
"The little bi-plane seemed perfect, until the drill to use in taking apart & putting together the plane failed. The forward gear worked ONE time before it worked no longer. Only the backward gear works resulting in a very disappointed 3year old and a thoroughly chapped grandmother."
"This was a replacement of our old My Pal, this one can only be personalized with a name.  My daughter is 7, she has had Scout since she was a year old and wanted a new one because she slept with hers every night.  The new Scout/Violet is a huge disappointment and LeapFrog should realize they screwed up with the &#34;new&#34; version.  I guess my money went to an advertisement on the ear instead."
Unless you live in very very flat perfectly cleaned concrete DO NOT BUY.  It tips over and loses its bubbles.  PITA for a parent dealing with a two year old
We gave to our child and in 6 hours it got broken. The metal hinges  out of the door fell out and wheels fell off.  Not designed for a toddler as it is rigid and easily broken. Going to throw away the semi truck but keep the match cars which are actually of good quality.
"Okay, I ordered two of these because it shows that it has a number of cards from all kinds of decks but when i got my order, it only included the cards from 5ds and zexal or whatever. I can't say the cards aren't decent, but I wanted them for nostalgic purposes. If you are like me, do not order from here. Not one card was from the original series. And maybe i was just very unlucky, but I got 100 cards and not a single one was from the original series. If you like all of the series, feel free to buy, but otherwise don't."
Not what i expecyed
No Stars! This broke within the first week of having it and it came with a horrible smell that wouldn't go away. Awful purchase!!!
Very poorly made & different from what is pictured. Top material it itchy and caused my daughter to get a rash after wearing less than 5 minutes. Don't waste your money!!!!
Price paid 28.00 ...price on box 1.99...overpriced
"This amazing looking rifle left my 6 year old speechless while walking through the store. Needless to say we &#34;had&#34; to buy it for his birthday. He had it for less than an hour before the action in the &#34;clip&#34; jammed and chewed up the darts. First of all Hasbro, its a magazine, not a clip. Second, the darts are really loose in the magazine and fall out of alignment easily. Third, when you need to remove the magazine to reload, un-jam, or throw at the wall out of frustration, that even I as an adult have difficulty removing. The caliber of the darts seems perfect for the barrel, but too small for the magazine and bolt to feed. DO NOT BUY THIS RIFLE FOR YOUR KID UNLESS YOU'RE A PLASTIC GUNSMITH!!! I've had to take it apart no less than 3 times in first week to remove chewed up ammo."
Very upset this clearly shows two stamps and I ordered 2 sets and only received 2 stamps total.
GARBAGE.  Was not even worth giving it to my son.  It went straight to the trash bin.
Not what it appears to be...
Weren't what I thought they were.  Too small.
"Disappointing for the hype and price.  Don't buy it.  My six-year old granddaughter is very much into LEGOs, Rokenbok, and other building toys, but never got interested in Roominate - probably because it is difficult to put together, falls apart easily after being assembled, doesn't make furniture that is fun for her, and so she only plays with the doll and bunny toys.  Waste of money after I was so excited to give her something special."
"I bought these dresses for my sister. It says &#34;hand made&#34;, they where plastic dresses and didn't even look nice I guess it's just me because I see so many good reviews. I'm just very disappointed."
Broke off key chain first week
Pieces were broken and didn't fit right
"I should have heeded the warnings on the size of the stoarage case. It fits ONLY 2 out of our 5 M&D puzzles, not worth the money. The only puzzles of ours it fit were the smaller peg puzzles, the large puzzles (if they fit at all), had to go in sideways and then more of the puzzle was sticking out than was in."
We purchased 2 of them and it was not a good experience! While pumping the 1 on the way out to the pool it broke (the plastic inside part). The other one broke within 5 min of using it. The plastic again almost the same part.
Quality is awful! Pieces are warped and do not stay together.  Do not waste your money!!!
Only 2 balloons out of the packet were usable. The big tent ballon and three of the printed were damaged. I had to end up buying balloons at the store. Waste of money! Associate at party city said that style is discontinued because of that reason.
Packaging is impossible... took scissors and a knife and lots of muscle to get everything out of the box.  Then it didn't really work.  Taking it back today.
pretend make up. my 5 year old finds it boring.
Please remove this trash from the Amazon site.
The product states 3 pieces. I only received one. Will be returning.  Really disappointed since they were meant as party favors for my son's pool birthday party tomorrow.
"TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY !  My granddaughter got the Olaf, the paint came off in approximately 1 hour.<br />Apart from that, when we ordered it the note that (you will receive any 1 character) was so small it looked like you got the whole set .<br />Even if you had gotten the whole set it still would have been a total waste of money."
"Oh My God! Have you read their terms &#34;When you upload, submit, store, send or receive content to or through our Services, you give Google (and those we work with) a worldwide license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works (such as those resulting from translations, adaptations or other changes we make so that your content works better with our Services), communicate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute such content.&#34;"
"ugh. didn't realize these are the old fashioned kind you have to blow up yourselves. But, you can't even do that because the rubber is stuck together. Plus, there is powder in them that gets everywhere. Save your money. Go to the dollar store and get the kind that don't ask so much of you..."
Junk
When i got this all the pieces were broken..This is how it came to my house .
"There are three missing pieces. I have a very disappointed child. I thought I could always trust Melissa and Doug products, but this is unacceptable quality control."
"Too cheap ., my son had it for 5 minutes and it broke,  he dropped it and the handle and the blade separated"
Worst neck pillow ever. It's so flat! There's no fluff to it what so ever. Don't waist your money..
Go play Heroscape. This is just a worse Heroscape.
Cheap knockoff.Not as good as real LEGO.
Not sure what engineering skills our 5yr old daughter was supposed to learn from building this besides learning how to fold paper. Once together the ball takes about two seconds to go thru the maze then it's done. She was bored with it after 2 tries. Don't waste your money on this cheap made in china junk. Buy some Legos instead. If your kid doesn't like the Legos you can at least resell them for close to what you paid.
Poor safety in delivery came broke I need replace information
SES Creative Children's Super Clay much better. This molded and didn't last long.
"this is the 2nd bad thing we bought from this co. for the volacano, you slap the reactive ingredients together before it slowly oozes out of the &#34;volacano&#34;. crap. not worth the price. you would do better making your own volcano the old fashioned way and use baking soda and vinegar.<br />we bought a 60 mechaics kit with pulleys and gears.(cant remember the name). overly complex and some parts dont fit together as instructed . some missing.  I have mechaical experience, but this is not fun. My grandson was disappoointed. should bought legos."
"I ordered two of these cat money bank exactly what in the picture but I received the wrong one, a plain orange cats. I don't understand what cats says.. But definitely not &#34;Meowww&#34;, so disappointed."
"Wish they'd had a sample picture of what is inside the book. Not what I wanted for my two and a half year old. I wanted the paint inside the picture, not as a strip along the top. Waste of money for this age group."
extremely poor quality.  Product information says &#34;colorful&#34; however all stamps are solid red only.  Almost half of the stamps are set too far into the holder and therefore do not touch the paper when you attempt to stamp with them.  This was definitely a poor use of 10$ and would not recommend them to anyone - if I could give it 0 stars I would.
Cheap knockoff.Not as good as real LEGO.
"This is complete crap. To start off, it was supposed to come with 50 cards and it only came with 25. Next, the cards are very well used and definitely not mint. There is also not a single card in this from galactic overlord and is a total scam. I also got several duplicates with the only cards that I got to be common. Never buy this item as it is a total rip off and it would be better to buy 3 or 4 single cards instead."
Bad. Send me a broke product
"Sorry, but don't buy this, it's not a good deal. That's all I have to say"
"awful toy.  small parts, do not stay together and does not work."
Looked cheap. Some broken. Didn't work.
I was so excited when I received this product and I cannot get the lights to work!!!! They turn on for about a second and shut right back off. Brand new batteries. I wish I could get it to work really disappointed with this.
Cheap knockoff.Not as good as real LEGO.
Very cute but they last a day or two.
"I used mine about 5 times with Premo clay and it broke.  First the brass screw broke away from the chrome piece, it was a pain, but still usable, but then the brass screw piece stripped out.  It is also very difficult to crank with Premo clay.  I'm sure it works great with something as soft as fondant, but I won't but this again."
I really hate these. They broke so fast!!
In a word cheap.  Inexpensive to the point where the sticks bend nearly in half under the weght of the plate.  Due to packaging that was far too small all the plates and sticks were out of shape.  I would never purchase another thing from the company.
"Air Hogs Smash Bots are not worth the money!  My 9 year old played with them for less than a day and now they are just sitting around collecting dust.  First negative is that you need 10 AAA batteries, so we had to make trip to the store before he could even get started.  The game board is really thin and flimsy, so it has to be played on a hard surface.  Overall there is a lot of variety with the toy and what you can do. The excitement and fun fades really fast.  There are much better choices for you child in this price range.  I asked my 9 year old if he felt one star was a fair rating and he said yes."
PLEASE DON'T BUY THIS I WASTED MY MONEY ON THIS and i don't you to do the same. Also its not even loud and it doesn't work on the phone people only here growling then i call them
"do not throw your money away on this total trash,i have had two neither worked right out of box.problem is defective motors.amazon and USA Toyz were great replaced the first one refunded my money for the second one.USA Toyz send me two replacement motors only one of these worked.Bottom line UDI 818AHD Quadcopter is a defective item the company that makes them has very poor quality control."
"Wouldn't recommend due to poor construction. We purchased this item, inflated it shortly after getting it, and maybe a day later it was deflated. Inflation lasts about a day and then you're stuck with a huge worthless piece of plastic floating in your pool."
"The product stopped flying in mid air and broke my first time flying it. I wasn't near any trees or power lines, the antenna and propellers got tangled in less than five minutes. I feel cheated and would like it replaced."
"Used casually in our pool... after 4th use, the rc boat filledl with water and no longer worked. We've gone through numerous RC boats... same thing happens every time."
Was not the size I expected. Useless but not worth returning.
Cheap knockoff.Not as good as real LEGO.
If you order this make sure you build it right away...missing several pieces and since it was opened after the return time it is now on its way to the trash can
Cheap knockoff.Not as good as real LEGO.
"The letters are very small and stuck on a sheet, not individual like the picture."
It says it glows in the dark but it doesnt zero glow😠😤 Look at the video on youtube.
"The item I got has some serious quality issues. First of all, the head separated to several parts in the first place, so that I have to carefully connect them together which is a very complicated work to do. But it is just a beginning. I also figured out that the tail can not be connected to the body because the articulation is basically wrong ! The hold used to articulate is way too small, it is impossible to connect the tail. Moreover, other articulations are very easy to detach, especially the toes. When I tried to adjust the post, they just detached. It is very uncommon. The quality should not suppose to be that terrible. Therefore, I have to conclude that it is a faulty product. Ironically, the seller is Amazon.Com. I don't know if they did it for purpose. Because I got it 10 dollars cheaper than the current price."
Would not buy these again. They leaked and didn't fill full.
"Gave this to our 2 year old son for his birthday and he loves it! Very sturdy, just like the picture, and shipped quickly. Very happy with the product!"
"Product arrived yesterday. Perhaps it is because of the heat during the delivery, but this product has somehow melted. It smells more like the bathroom than sounds like it. Doesn't make noises very well at all, horribly stinky. I'm inclined to throw it away. I regret getting this."
"The plugs where you blow it up will not stay plugged, so they pop open and it deflates constantly. Will need to put duct tape or something over them to keep them closed."
it was not the toy o wanted
it broke within two days.  Just cracked and stopped working
"Bought this on a whim for my niece...who is on the petite side and she wasn't able to use the gloves. The fingers were too long and narrow...horrible fit. The bracelet is not listed in the wording..so why have it in the photo?!? I didn't notice that it was not included in the wording so when we got it she was terribly disappointed and kept asking me where the bracelet was. The ring was cheap, the gloves material was cheap...the purse was okay I guess...but not what I expected from a Disney item. Wouldn't recommend...and I have 3 daughters of my own and won't buy this for them either. Not happy at all."
Floats great.  Top rods snapped on the lightest breeze.  Don't waste your money.
Pulled tag and it didn't light up..
it is not magnetic
"I don't know if i have a valid review other than this is not Jiraiya. The picture here is Gaara. That is two completely different characters. So, the question here is, is the Gaara, Jiraiya, or a scam ....."
poor design easily bent
I was so excited about this toy.  After having it about 4 weeks it broke right in half.  We kept it inside during rain and my 5 year old played with it outside in the dirt and sand.  I emailed the company and they were very nice and provided a new one.  Two months after receiving the new one that one broke in half as well.  The link that connects the two parts is just too weak to be good for an outdoor toy.
The top bobbles around and doesn't stay on. Plus the stars often slip over the sensor without setting off the lights and sound which defeats the purpose of buying this over the traditional version.
Did not work.
didn't come with all colors shown in photo.  We got ugly colors that did not work for a 1st birthday party.
"This product broke within minutes of using, what a waste of my time.  I would argue against purchasing this product."
It didn't work.
"One size fits all didn't apply to my 3 yr old who shoe size is 9/10.  I pulled the strap all the way passed the holes and it still was to big, there was a big gap from the heel to the end of the shoe. She was not able to walk in them. I would have returned them but they wanted to charge me the return fee and the restock fee. Maybe she will be able to wear them when she is 5/6. Hopefully she is still into Belle."
I did not receive the 3 items. just received one
No box...had the original plastic but no box highly dissatisfied especially since it was listed as new
Amazon Warehouse shipped this toy so poorly it was broken and non-functional. Looked like a nice piano for a newborn - 12 month old.
Does not work even for small children
Make sure you save the cardboard tube or all you have is a wrinkled mess and pieces that don't stick to the mat at all....
Was disappointed. We thought these were chalk PENS (for glass) not actual chalk shaped like pens. Oh well! Fancy sidewalk chalk it is!
Overrated and virtually impossible to use.
Cheap knockoff.Not as good as real LEGO.
Cheap knockoff.Not as good as real LEGO.
Cheap knockoff.Not as good as real LEGO.
Will not fit the H107C! The hole's are too small for the motors.
"Cheap, not big enough. Don't bother with this if you are bigger than a size 4 or have boobs bigger than a small B cup."
"This is a waste of money, it just don't work. Fits really loose and want stay on, I'm very disappointed, great idea, if it worked would be even greater.."
"This has to be the worst toy I have ever purchased! My 7 year old son wanted this set so badly. First I'll start with the instructions, or shall I say lack of instructions. They should take a lesson from Lego! They know how to write directions. This set is for 7+. I am a 45 yr old woman and pretty good at building sets. I was so frustrated putting this together after about 30 minutes I put it all back in the box for my husband to build. My son had to wait 2 days before he had the time to work on this. He is in construction and even he was frustrated putting this together. After about an hour, we figured out there were so many pieces missing we couldn't even finish, and I don't mean 1 or 2 pieces missing, or even 5-6 for that matter. Also, the Zombies are supposed to stand on a, what I would call a Lego type brick. They would not stay on the brick. They just kept popping off, on the ones we were actually able to get on for a half a second. Worst toy ever. I have a very disappointed 7 year old, and 2 seriously irritated parents. What a huge waste on money. If I could have given this a negative star I would have."
meh
The item looks nothing like the picture.
"Didn't even get off the ground.  Didn't even get out of the house.  Motor smoked during pre-flight test.<br />Using 11.1V 3S LiPO, with motor and ESC from purchase.  During servo testing with battery plugged in all appeared fine.  Motor spinning, flaps and rudder check.  Then poof.  Can't believe this, ruined my flight day.  Major let down!<br />Might file a claim and try to return, not even going to bother with the other 3."
These batons were of very poor quality and unusable that I had to throw them away.<br />I bought other batons which were of much better quality.
Can't get it to stay standing up
It didn't meet my expectations. The cube fell apart within a week. It's easy to put back together but it won't stay together. Will not purchase another. I guess I got what I paid for.
The seal blew out first time blew up
"It's really in poor quality, the frog looks uneven."
"Let me tell you: the mask STUNK!!! Literally. It smelled like rubber and poo and the same time. It was so terrible we had to air for MONTHS and it still stank even after that. We had to stuff it with newspaper because any human's head was not enough to give it proper head shape. The body suit was fine and all parts came, though I do think anyone looking to buy this item should take other reviews into consideration, since accessories were missing sometimes. I think it might be smarter to look elsewhere."
This item arrived broke. Plus it isn't a 28 in 1 case like the description says. It holds only 24 and that includes the two SD holders. So really it only holds 22 games
Too expensive for the tiny size.
"This calendar has many reviews from people saying they received damaged or incomplete sets of cards. I decided to take a chance on it anyway, figuring that maybe people who had this experience would be more likely to write a review, and that it probably doesn't happen very often. Unfortunately, I now think this is the norm for this product and not the exception. The cards I received were coated in some sort of white powder that I just spent 20 minutes trying to wipe away (not a great experience as my guess is that it's some sort of chemical), and even after the cleaning process many of the cards are still unusable. I really like the concept of this calendar with it's storage pockets, two-sided number cards in yellow and red, and both English and Spanish words. However this really isn't an acceptable way to offer a product. I now need to try to figure out how to get replacement cards, and to be honest I don't really have much confidence that the next set will be any different."
Item was previously opened and pieces missing.  It had to be returned.
Junk
"Some bottles came empty, others half empty and the finished of the dinosaur faces didnt like it at all, wasnt like the picture"
"Seriously $69!!!!  I would have bought that at maybe $30, but $69.  What a joke"
"I was very happy when I got this i saw nice reviews so i ordered it. 1st thing that was bad was that it took about 1 month to get also when i first flew it, it broke a wing it comes with 4 more but not one fit and when i tried to fly it when i did get the wing on it didn't fly right."
"very bad and low quality plastic ,"
"I bought the little Kodo Monday and it quit doing anything after 5 minutes of flight time. I figured on Friday that I would get the nicer 230si and maybe have better luck. It too quit after 5 minutes. Just dead, kaput, finis. For the 5 minutes I flew it it was very impressive but will be returning both asap due to POS quality. The documentation for both was fairly amateurish. Bad experience."
Broke in about 1 hour . I guess you get what you pay for
Picture is deceiving!!! Way smaller and doesn't really look like a koala!!!!
I bought this for my nephew as a gift and shipped it to another state. My brother accidentally threw away the initial box and return label. The cow has a hole in it and won't hold air. I contacted the seller and they won't send me another return slip to return it for another one. I just want to return it for one without a hole in it.
I only received 6 sheets of caps instead of 15
Do not purchase this for a safety helmet. It is not sturdy enough to protect a child's head. It is flimsy and feels like a toy.
Did not wear well. 1 at set had 3 with broken air valves. Replacement set had 1 broken valve and 1 with a small hole in it.
Came cracked and broken. Found them at my dollar store the next day....
"DO NOT BUY.... DO NOT BUY...... DO NOT BUY<br />POORLY MADE, FEET DON'T FIT ON STAN, DISCOLORATION ON FIGURE,  STAN CRACKED, BOX DISTROD, THEY PUT MASKING TAPE ON THE BOX, HAD TO TOSS BOX AND LIKE MOST COLLECTORS I KEEP THE BOX...... STAN WAS NOT MADE FOR THIS FIGURE."
Junk! The side with the drawers snapped off within 2 weeks! The side boards aren't thick enough!
Not possible to give it zero stars
"Headband is too small and has spikes on the inside to keep it in place. Do the math. It hurts. (We're talking about 4 year olds here, btw)<br /><br />Also, the antennas break off very easily."
The battery doesn't work. It is a complete waste of money.
"Read the rest of the reviews. These aren't really even &#34;gold&#34; colored.<br />Way too thin, and are shaped like baking pans."
"Right out of the box only one set of wheels worked, so the car would spin round and round.  Very frustrating product, both my son and I were greatly disappointed.  In my opinion, I would strongly argue against purchasing this product."
They're junkie...they fell apart
Was broke when it took it out the box. Enough said.shouldn't even get 1 star
"HORRIBLE!!! Does not stick, do not buy this product waste of money"
these were extreamly tiny was disappointed
Not worth the $
"$7.00 for ONE Boink. My local feed store has a carton of them at .99 each! And the $7 one was plain blue, not multicolored like the picture.<br />Fool me once..."
Garbage Chinese made
These are the biggest piece of crap I have ever seen. OMG seriously they are made from paper not even fabric. Bought these for my granddaughters and too embarrassed to give them to them!!!
Poor quality and not worth the money.
"These gloves are WAY too large for a child, and they're rather poorly made.  Cheap vinyl."
"I ordered a Moyu Lingpo, but received a cheap unbranded 2x2 that turns horribly. It was not even in a box!"
"Bought this last fall for our grandchildren to play with this summer. It was 165.00 (129.00 now), for. 66 pieces, that's 2.00 for each piece at current prices. This set came in a large container, the tinker toys filled about 1/2 of it. I played with tinker toys when I was as little, they are a great leaning and fun toy. But when you see what you get for the price I would suggest going with Lincoln Logs (the Fort a Builder Set), which purchased for 69.00 (and had 172 prices and is a superior deal over the Classic Conctuction set of Tinker Toys. The fact you can buy 2 sets Lincoln Logs or 344 prices of Lincoln Logs for what a 66 price Tinker Toy set costs,  you be the judge.......,."
Horrible piece of crap....Who thought of these things...It makes no sense...The are the size of Barbie doll shoes.  These things need to be take off the market and never be sold again...They should have been given away for free...
Lady bugs were delivered dead. Twice.
Item is not at all 9.5&#34;!! Its actually closer to 6&#34;...
We had this product for four months before a piece in the inside broke off and it is now in 3 pieces.  This tow doesn't roll like it shows in the video and never has.  After only 4 months I'm sad that this is broken in a way that cannot be fixed.
"If you melt a crayola crayon,  and while it is still a soft you rub it all over your hair you could end up with the same results.  No good.  If you run a comb through your hair after using this thing you might end up with a bunch of hair on your comb."
"Garbage! GPM should be disappointed! Experienced driver, broke both rear cambers on a rustler after 2nd mogul 6ft jump, one camber snapped off completely, while the other's bearing shredded apart. Very dissatisfied. Dont buy."
Worst cube I've tried
Waste of money. The #1 balloon popped at the seam before it was fully blown up.
"I ordered this for my husband. When we opened the package, the wings were just white with blue paint splattered on. The mask was rubbery and wouldn't stretch to fit onto his head. It probably wouldn't even fit a child's head! What shoddy workmanship! Not worth $100."
Missing parts figured it would at least have everything needed. Is for my daughters birthday tomorrow and It is garbage to me.
Terrible purchase. I saw that they come deflated but I thought my air mattress pump would work because it has small attachments. It does not work and I cannot blow them up manually. This is basically trash.
Didn't work had to send back. At least the refund was fast.
Don't buy or waste money on anything but ib crazy antenna even if u spend $50-60  You'll end up like me...wasting $20-40 in junk antennas
Returning this. The pictures all show Oona but she is not included. If you want to purchase separately Oona is $65. False advertising. Make sure to read the fine print.
I thought that it was much bigger. Cheeoly made I would not give it to a child
I was really surprised when I opened this.  It is Palm sized and very cheaply made. I already took it away from my 2 and 9 month olds because the stick apparently resembles a lollipop but with its size I'm afraid that they could choke. The guitar part itself is made with the same cheapness as a kids meal toy. My 2 year old has trouble even hitting the keys.  I feel as though this product was misrepresented.
complete rip off!! They're all the size of a quarter and cheaply painted.  So disppointed
"Feels gross to touch, leaves your hands feeling sticky. Not what I expected."
Cheaply made- looks it and feels it! Returned it in a hurry.
All of the magnets came off the day we opened it.
Poor recording quality even after changing the batteries. Poorly priced. Has a$29 price tag with 75% mark down tag. I paid $39  plus had to pay ship both ways (return shipping ):( over all pretty disappointed.
Fell apart easily
"Cheap junk. The wand looks ridiculous and the paint was flaking off before we even opened it, it was a mess. The glasses are NOT cute little metal frames like pictures. They're huge thick plastic &#34;gag&#34; looking. Not AT ALL like pictured!"
"Unfortunately the small wires broke during assembly, alot of the pieces didn't fit correctly. I am at fault for not returning it. I got lazy. But in short it doesn't work."
I received the wrong cube. This is a YJ 2x2 AND  it is white when the packaging label says black.
Horrible. Not worth the money. Leaked from tank seems
"Don't believe the &#34;honest reviews&#34; from people who received this free in exchange for writhing a review. This set is junk.<br /><br />We got four of these small Goldieblox sets for our daughter's 5th birthday. She's built 500+ piece LEGO sets by herself before so she understood the instructions well enough, save for lining up the orange circle parts correctly. But once you're done building it there's no fun to the toy. It goes up and down, that's it! Great, she learned how a lever works, she's already done that with Legos and then be able to play other ways with them, too. The only redeeming part is that our daughter likes the grumpy cat figurine.<br /><br />These Goldieblox sets are made in China with mostly cheap paper parts. Once you build them you might as well throw the whole thing in the recycling bin."
no good string quickly and so long to ship
It was completely cracked down the middle
I bought this because it said it was 12 pieces and showed a picture of all the characters. It only came with one character that is poorly painted that can't stand without falling over.  Misleading and a rip off. Buyer beware!
not what it appears to be. this puzzle is not worth a dollar.
Please don't buy this item. The wheels fall off within minutes of using it.
My nephew asked for this for his birthday. He was thrilled when he unwrapped it. He and his brother ran to the back yard to try it out and.....nothing. It doesn't work. It doesn't pop into a ball until it hits the ground. HUGE disappointment!  Waste of money. The boys were crushed. Don't waste your money!!!
flimsy made
"If there is a 5-year-old (or older) who can make this, I would like to meet him/her.  The kit itself is  very nice, but it is  very difficult to make, even for an adult."
"Poor quality, balancing issues, horrible paint job, just...yuck. If you are a collector and want this &#34;excellent&#34; JW toy, I don't recommend it...it's horrible. The detail is...well, there is hardly any! And the paint job is so boring and bad...it's just a light brown. It also has balancing issues! I absolutely hate it, as I am a toy collector.<br /><br />For the kids, I recommend it, they will like the moving jaw and the toy. It's fun for them."
Not even red these are like maroon .. Also only colored on one side and the seeing threading is coming out of all of them horrible
"dodgy USB port, non-working buzzer connector.  Also experienced erratic movements that I can't 100% rule out PID tuning but I've never had that problem before.  Going into the spare parts bin."
This item was very obviously used. The sole was worn and had dirt on it. There were toe marks at the front. Very disappointed.
"Terrible, the clip broke in one day"
Very disappointed. Ariel's hair wasn't attached to the front of her head. It looked creepy. Waste of money.
Came with both the 3 and 0 off.  Used crazy glue to put back on because I needed it right away.<br /><br />Piece of plastic junk.
it was  a bootleg and it looks awful. the seller didnt even respond to help resolve the situation. its a total piece of crap. the collar has a burn/ melt mark as well. bandai's ACTUAL product is far better quality.
We bought this as a gift for our parents.  We just went to their house and found out that they received a set with dots rather than numerals.  It sucks that we found out too late to fix it for them.
Painting and other goods received. Transparent cover and only one.
"this was a terrible buy, the &#34;rubber bands&#34; did not hold any water in unless you grabbed the balloons quick and pulled them down.  I would rather do water balloons the old fashioned way!  The bands looked more like small O rings instead of real rubber bands that probably would've worked.  I will never buy these again."
"Some buttons worked and some didn't , so this made for a disappointed 7 year old little boy who was anxiously waiting for this to arrive."
almost broken
Terrible piece on junk. No clip. Can't figure out how they expect you to clip it to your bra.
"Its a clear thump that barly fits without the light, the light dies ina matter of mins of use. Do not buy this product The light breaks apart easily"
This is poorly made and very flimsy. A waste of time and money.
Cute placemats but after less than two weeks of use they are scratched and paint is coming off. We only hand wash them and air dry. Disappointed by the overall quality. Would not buy again. Contemplating contacting Amazon to see if I just got a bad batch or if this Ed expected.
Did not meet my expectations
"I was absolutely stunned to open this product and see how tiny and cheap it is.  It is certainly NOT appropriate for the ages described (6 mos-7 yrs).  (and then later it says the manufacturer suggests for 3 months and up?!?!  ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?)  This toy is a hazard and even buying it at a discount I feel completely ripped off.  It looks like a cheap carnival prize that you might win on the lowest level of a game.  The whole thing fits in the palm of my hand and it is so flimsy.<br /><br />I read in another review that the size is listed somewhere, but it was not listed when I ordered, nor is it there now.  The size should be in BOLD print and maybe put a coffee cup next to the picture so people can get a real idea of how small this is.<br /><br />We received this item at a discount in exchange for our honest and unbiased review."
This should be taken off the market! Cheaply made and both times we used them were not working  in 20 minutes!
Came in pieces?? Supposed to be 8 figures? Junk!!
No Goku in pictures you won't sell any if you are trying to pass that yellow robot as Goku.......... My guess is that you don't have any idea what DragonBall Z is
"My grandson played with it for 1 week and the end broke off....  not being ruff on it either, very disappointed"
You would need several of these&#34;games&#34; to be able to play with it as a real game.  That would make it a very expensive card game.
"Zipper broke after 2 uses...& it doesn't have a 'end' to it, so the zipper just slipped out in my effort to fix it & the way it's made, it is next to impossible to slide it back in :/"
WIRE LOOP BROKE THOUGH 2 DAYS
What a piece of crap! I put the batteries in and it ran across the room and never worked again! $20 gone!
Wow.  Talk about Cheap!  The fabric is so thin and cheap that it rips very easily.  The best part of the whole thing is the sash.  Very disappointed.
"Ordered 2.  One came out of the box with a leak so bad it was un-usable. As we were on vacation camping/river tubing at a remote location this was a real bummer.  A friend I was camping with said the same thing happened to her last year with this brand, and she was unable to get her money back or any kind of satisfaction from the manufacturer so I'm not even going to waste my time.  Will try a different brand next time."
"My son spend a lot of time researching this plane and all reviews were favorable but HIS experience certainly was not. He was thrilled when it arrived and loved how easy it was to fly, but things went wrong quickly. Within two days one of the motors died, since he loved it we asked Amazon for a replacement instead of refund but the new one had issues from the beginning. It would fly up and down rapidly with no one controlling it and some times it wouldn't start when you turned it on. We tried recolaborating it many times but the issues presisted so we had to return for a refund."
Just didn't fit right. A lot of rubbing
"The design is what we were looking for, as my daughter plans on being Merida for Halloween. It's TINY. Honestly, not worth the $9.80 I paid for it."
All the embellishments are falling off. Poor quality
12 of then arrived already broken. Returned!
The boat never work from the get-go. Ended up returning it. Very disappointing.
Umbrella broke first day. Where the umbrella holds to the metal wire came off. The string ripped. Umbrella is poorly crafted. Chair itself is good.
"Bought this strictly for the advertised light weight of 1.6 oz., it actually weighs 2.3 oz., making it unusable for my purpose. I'm sure it's a good battery, most everything Horizon Hobby makes is of good quality. I just wish you were truthful in your advertising, I wouldn't have bought it."
This is not 8x magnification!!
Very disappointed. Hardly any sparks. Had a good one few years ago.
3 out of my 6 came with holes in it
Awful product!  won't dry completely.  Stays tacky.  only good for static dust free displays inside of cabinet that will never be touched.
The helicopter I received was broken.  The helicopter only responds to the throttle intermittently.
The puzzle we received is not what was shown in the photo online.  Very disappointing.
"We purchased this tub and it worked for a few months and then it stopped working.  It wouldn't run or keep its temperature.  We sent it back to Evergreen Softub three times and twice to the manufacturer. We were told that it was our problem that the unit was working fine on their bench.  It wouldn't work in our house.  They finally replaced just about everything in the unit.  It has worked now for 4 months but this month (August 2015) the jets have lost power.  The entire interior of the tub has continued to develop large ridges and top rim has puckered and the interior is now allegatoring.  This tub has been a lemon from the start and everything has been a fight.  We have wasted our money, unfortunately.  It is especially disheartening since my husband is a disabled retired firefighter and needs it for therapy to keep mobility.  We have just sent another email to the manufacturer and will see what they do."
"I guess I missed the part in the description where it said this was a small toy set, and not a usable children's size set. I was very disappointed when it arrived"
"Same sad experience as others - my order arrived today and is not the 4-1/2&#34; on 10&#34; straws as described, these are 2&#34; pinwheels on a 6&#34; straw.  Sending back immediately."
"This is not very well made, and actually broke within a week of having it."
Only received 12 out of 26 balls
Terrible. Th coin counting isn't even close. I sent it back.
Doesn't work
"Not sturdy at all, my son broke in 2 minutes"
could not get gyro to work with my rustler traxxas at all
Wing item sent!! I got a cheap mask and black one piece outfit. No boots and no hood!! Boo!
Put these on my QAV250. As soon as I got up to speed all 4 of them exploded into a million pieces.
I bought this for my nephew and within 2 months it was totally falling apart. They would not even give me the option to talk with them about getting a new one. Very disappointed.
My daughter loves this toy when shes not crying over the magnets being spilled all over.  It is a great idea over all but the engineering is lacking.
complete garbage! impossible for a child to work!  My daughter is 7 and couldn't even spin this.
"Should have read the reviews, don't look a thing like the pic."
"Quality not the best can hardly hear the child's voice over the music, not what I expected ...it's basically a speaker with poor sound quality"
Broke after a month
"This is barely like the original life game. The board is shorter, things like insurance and the stock market are gone, the action squares are beyond dumb. There is just nothing redeeming about this remake. The game of life used to teach things sort of about life now this is incredibly unrealistic. There aren't even share the wealth cards! Don't but this crap"
Only bought for the purse and one of the handles was broke. So returned.
"Bought this thinking it would be 8 inches tall, because that's what the product dimensions said.  They must have been measuring the packaging because the toy itself is only about 3 inches tall.  Very disappointed."
This is a very poor quality and plasticcy model. Not worth it. ... even for free. ....
"Much like many of the others here, I did not receive the rotor blade guard even though it was indicated as being in the box.  Extremely difficult to coordinate the user manual with the actual unit itself.  It worked for about 15 minutes then decided not to lift off anymore.  Since I already threw away the box..I will just place it in another box for my garage.  Chalk it up to another &#34;experience&#34; where something was promised and not delivered.  Oh, by the way, those rotors WILL slice you when they are spinning...  This is NOT a toy for young kids."
did not work well and tasted awful. my 5 year old gran daughter would not eat it. Through it in the garbage. waste of money and time.
Already doesn't work anymore<br />Disappointed didn't lastblong at all
Too heavy....
lol 100 bux
"This was a huge let down. The description states &#34;This set of FIVE irresistible soft vinyl finger puppets fit snugly on the end of your fingers and look like a quintet of tiny right hands. Each is 2-3/4&#34; tall and with a full set on your hand, you can give a high twenty-five.&#34; Only 1 hand is in this package. No high twenty fives will be given. Really upset about this order since the hands were going to be given to more than one person. Definitely would not buy from seller ever again."
Not build good at all. Broke as soon as got it out of box. It's made of Verry cheap plastics.
The picture is deceiving. The hooks are fine if you are fishing for goldfish!
"Parts were rusted, quality of product very bad."
lol 500 bux
Did not work even for a completing one entire life of the battery (which is supposed to be about 20mins tops). It stopped in between a couple of times after 5 minutes of flying. And then in next couple of minutes it just would not start. We tried to dig into the problem but could not get it to start. It hardly ever bumped anywhere while flying to stop working because of that. Product returned. Return was extremely easy. Got refund as soon as I shipped the package for return.
"The color is not even, has a lot of whitish parts. Also, the black strap is paper and is pasted poorely and is easy to fall apart."
Cheaply made. Paint job is horrible. The flashlight has already broke. Would not recommend.
Piece of junk and customer service is horrible. Actually wanted me to get someone to &#34; fix it &#34; right out of the box. Try the Ohuhu. A lot better !
Love the car but the products packaging is all smashed and half open. Very very disappointed.
"Terrible product.  Battery contacts rusted after 1st use.  Battery compartment is mis-sized so battery slips off battery contacts and the compartment needs to be re-opened (with a screw driver) and the battery realigned.  It is almost impossible to remove the battery once it is installed--needle nose pliers and screwdriver required.  The boat costs $7.00, but you'll expend tons of frustration.  Would not recommend.  Returned item because it was non-functional after one use."
"I want to give this 5 stars.  This is my son's favorite toy. He had a blast with it this winter after opening it at Christmas.  However, the quality is so poor. It did not even last a winter season.  Not only does the plow fall off constantly as past reviewers mentioned, but it has several large cracks and pieces chunks of plastic.  I emailed Bruder and was told I could purchase replacement parts, but you can't replace the main truck cab.  I'm extremely disappointed in the quality of this product, but even more than that, I'm disappointed with Bruder costumer service.  We will be sticking to Tonka products from now on."
Hard to press the pieces together. Got frozen not princess.
"This toy worked for all of one week, then the reverse gear stopped working and the forward gear became intermittent.  This kids loved how slick the car looked, but underneath it all is just another hunk of junk from China to fill American landfills.  Pure crap.  Avoid this product."
"Was disappointed, then end didn't even fill all they way with water."
Just bad. Doesn't play music or do anything. You have to hit it really hard to even make the drumsticks light up. One of our sticks didn't even work. Returning.
Horrible. Disintegrated in the tub
"Junk, I wouldn't let any child play with this toy.<br /><br />The box contains numerous spelling errors which is suggestive about the quality of the materials used if the manufacturer didn't think it was worth the cost to hire out a native English speaker to check the spelling.<br /><br />In addition, the seller didn't disclose the appropriate shipping weight to amazon, so this complicates the return process if your local UPS refuses to accept the package with the return label from amazon. The seller says this weighs 1lb when  the product actually weighs 1lb 10 oz , with a typical box that will fit this, it is over 2lb. I cut down a minimal cardboard box that exactly fits this product and got the weight to just under 2 lbs."
The hat looks NOTHING like the picture. So floppy like a fisherman's hat. Have to buy a separate one now :/
"Junk, don't waste your money."
The assembly that you can dump the water in at the top does not go together well at all! It keeps falling apart. Not to mention it is not seated on the base at all. It just keeps falling over. Very poor quality!
What a load of junk. Bought for my grandson. only one was successful. He was disappointed.
"Terrible jewels, extremely small and wasn't even able to see them on tables. Very unsatisfactory!"
It fell apart as soon as I opened the package because of the glue
it is not magnetic
The stickers do not stay stuck on the page!  My son has been saving stickers for a sticker book for a while.  I was very disappointed to see that the stickers roll or peel off easily.  We are using all sorts of different types of stickers and none stay on.
My daughter loves this toy when shes not crying over the magnets being spilled all over.  It is a great idea over all but the engineering is lacking.
Box was damaged. Will provide pictures.
"This set was terrible.  We tried sand of many different consistencies at the beach but it all fell apart when we removed the mold.  It was very disappointing for my son.  I wish I had noticed how many of the positive reviews had not actually taken the kit to the beach, as well as how many had left a positive review in exchange for some kind of a promotional discount."
The material is cheap. And the lights only light up in the first time.
Does not form to your face properly.  Very uncomrfortable.
poor quality
Bad quality<br />Pumped easily
Cheap knockoff.Not as good as real LEGO.
It's is super complicated and you need glue and tape would not recommend if you don't like vary few instructions and to many pieces.
"I am totally disappointed that an item costing this much would be of such poor quality.  Upon opening the package and removing the wrapper from the screen, I immediately noticed half a dozen spots, some larger, some smaller where the drawing/writing would not come through.  Upon trying it out, I was further dismayed to disocover that along one whole edge (left edge of the screen) nothing comes out until I am drawing about three quarters of an inch away from the edge!  The item is made of very flimsy plastic and, given the various defects, is definitely not a purchase i would recommend to anyone."
rather klunky-
Awesome quality thanks Amazon. com and Toys and game outlet for a Sanei Japan official Larry Koopa Plush
"Terrible, absolutely terrible! Made of painted trash bag material, litterally. Don't buy this! I already sent it back."
This chalk STAINS! My son's clothes are ruined and it stained my brand new patio. We had to get a scrub brush and soap and scrub very very hard to get the chalk off the patio. Needless to say it was a lot of work!
"The picture shows many different colors. When they came, there were only green, blue, and orange. Their description of the product is inaccuarate."
This was extra long.  It was also cheap looking :( upsetting
"Coconut cups were so hard to close, everyone kept returning the cups cause it started to leak.  Very disappointed."
So disappointed when I open the box it's ALL WHITE. I should've check it when I got the box.. now too late to change it. Not a happy mama.
"This is not at all what I hoped it would be. It's cute and all, but it doesn't blow bubbles 95 percent of the time, and it blows out the bubble solution instead. Save your money and don't buy this. Wasted 8 dollars on it at the store."
This is great game but this product is not Reccommended. The wood pieces made available to hold the pieces are very flimsy and poorly made.
"HORRIBLE. About 1/3 of each bag were broken. And a portion of the ones that were NOT broken, when stretched, snapped. The color changes as soon as they are stretched, which they don't like to do. These bands barely have any give to them.<br />I will NEVER buy this brand again."
"The only reason it deserves even one star is because they're pretty. If you're able to get it on without sticking to the backing and peeling off, it won't last more than 2 minutes.<br />My daughter has been all about temporary tattoos lately, so I've applied quite a few before. These are gummy and peel off easily when trying to put them on. Once on, if it touches anything it will be stuck to whatever it touches instead of staying on your body.<br />Very pretty, but disappointing."
Horrible! Balloons filled easily but the water leaked out of them within a few minutes of filling them. Followed instructions perfectly. I bought them for my son birthday party. He was extremely disappointed he didn't get to use them with his friends. Don't buy these. They do not work!
Was not completed and even though it was used it didn't have to be that raggedy. .
men
DOA.  The unit never did light up or work.
It was not good product. I gifted that product to my nephew and its not flying properly. They also have problem dealing with remote.
"Junk, they are super tiny and fall apart"
Terrible quality. Nothing was glued together well and kept falling apart. Even after re-glueing product only lasted a little over a week before we had to throw it out.
"My son lives, eats and breathes Angry Birds! I went and bought him all the Angry Birds Go telepods I could find. I'm very pleased with this product, it's very sturdy, and has hold up very well playing with a 4 year old for over 6 months already, they even made great birthday cake toppers on his day,  however I rated it 1 star after i bought this for $7+  and just walked in the Dollar tree store a couple months ago and found 10 packs of the same exact duo for $1, yes I feel cheated!! I went ahead and bought all 10 packs so now my son will have orange bird and piggie with the aviator hat for some time to come."
This is BS! The product I ordered is not the same as pictured. Instead I got a cheap run off that don't even have a lid to shut! I ordered a Circa shut the box as pictured and got a cheap Wembley run off. Very unhappy and this was a birthday gift for next weekend.
Too small and why wouldnt u make them to float upright
Never worked.
"Fake chinese replica, probably not kid safe. Took<br />Almost a month to arrive"
I received the wrong item.
Cheap knockoff.Not as good as real LEGO.
Very bad not what I expected at all
"She liked it yes, but it's already living in the trash!"
One of the chairs will not close. All the others were fone
Horrible quality.  Noticed the seams were falling apart and the sleeve was coming apart before even taking the cardboard backing out of it!  Due to needing it this weekend I am unable to send it back.  Very unhappy!
Car didn't look like the actual oreder picture.It was a small compare to the other DeLorean I bought for my son. The both DeLorean were same actual order  picture size.Next time show how big the car is in size.
Cheap made in China plastic product.  Enough said.
"We bought this with our wagon, and when we first bought it we had a porch we could leave it on and it was covered so we weren't worried. We bought a new place and the porch was not covered and we had to wait to buy our outside building. Well this bag would NOT come back off so we could bring it in when we weren't using it. So it was disgusting and the only way I could get this off was to cut it off from end to end. I hate this bag. I tried to contact customer service and the continued to ignore my emails and I couldn't get through on the phone line. I can not describe how much of a headache this was and now I'm stuck with a wagon with this ridiculous extra metal piece attached. I will never purchase another radio flyer product as long as I can help it."
These cards are WAAAAAY overpriced on here for what they're worth. They are NO WAY worth $12.99. You can get the secret rares for a total of $8.68. The Ultra Rares you see being advertised here that are from the Legendary Collection 2 pack can be bought for a total of $6.10. They are basically doubled here. Never get cards straight from KONAMI.
Bought 20 of  these for the &#34;send off&#34; at my daughter's wedding. Only one actually went up in the air.  We've used lots of other colored sky lanterns while camping but wanted white for the wedding so we thought we would try these. Very disappointed.
Lots of fun for about a week but broke quickly
"These are NOT glass!  They are thin plastic.  I ordered them for making glass flowers. I tried to &#34;make the best of it and glued one to the back of a flower.  Disaster!  I cannot return them, so they will end up at GoodWil or the recycling binl. Call me...  VERY disappointed. A waste of money!"
I stuck it in my car window and it didn't even last me 3 weeks
"Guess this was a case of you get what you pay for.  I had hoped for a decent product, but got junk.  Have yet to find a surface the suction cup will adhere to at all, much less with a spool of line attached, for more than a couple of seconds.  Finally put it in a vise and still it didn't work well.  Next stop, garbage can."
weren't big enough to lift craft<br />smaller than advertised
No Anjelly = No deck
I was really disappointed when l ordered it l thought it was all the way around but it didn't have a back side only in front so it had to be sticked against the wall so it won't show and the shipment weight was 5 pound but they lied it was 7.8 pound which I had to pay more for the shipment
$80 for shipping???!!!!!!
"Got this as a gift, so i'm not a verified purchase, but felt i needed to write a review anyways.  I opened this thing up ready to use it, but it looks cheaply made and the instructions say that it needs to run for two days.  I don't know about you, but I don't need to hear the sound of a couple of rocks rolling around a canister for 48 hours.  Why they categorize this as a toy is beyond me.  If you are a budding geologist,, maybe this is for you, but I would say no for the average kid and for your hearing/sanity....Also I wouldn't feel good about  leaving this running for two days even if I left the house...."
I got all terrible cards which leads me to believe that the packs may have been searched. I cannot confirm this.
"Bought for the Intex 8' pool that never filled correctly for us, so was never used. Unhappy with the pool."
"Amazon &#34;suggested&#34; this when I bought the Sakura D3 CS Sport. I read a review saying that &#34;all you need is a belt tensioner and a one way&#34;. So I got both. This tensioner is only an aluminum alloy replacement for the stock piece. Its very hard to reach, and you need to remove it to adjust it. Basically, if you &#34;NEED&#34; to have this piece in aluminum, get it. If you don't care about aluminum extras, you definitely don't need this.<br /><br />What you do need is a front belt tensioner. Not for the front belt, but for the middle belt. But it mounts more forward on the upper plate. Since this is a counter steer car, the pulleys are smaller than stock to overdrive the rear wheels. There is way too much slack on the middle belt. I Googled all over and couldn't find one. Except for a 3Racing tensioner that is made for another car, but will work on this one. Amazon does carry it. And it's cheaper by a couple of bucks."
Poor
The water leaKS out after you fill them. Waste of money!
Fairly dissatisfied. The selection of cardas is overpriced. The picture is very misleading. Do NOT RECOMEND.
I'm completely disappointed. It's way smaller then it is in any of the pictures and did not come like the first picture at all. Do not buy this.
"TRASH!!! Two of the toys broke when I removed them from the box, and four hours later, they are ALL broken. Anyone who wrote a five star review is lying."
All 3 copies of my cards were damaged
My 3 year old loved this for 24 hours. At that point it broke and no longer works. Totally waste of money.
Can I bee 71 to use this dairy
$40+ for a bookbag?  And people actually bought it?
Arrived broken.
It's a great deal if your child is the size of Tinkerbell... :-(
How sad...they do not glow. Not even a tiny bit.
Sucks! Gave it away.
"I don't know how you mess up a checker board but they succeeded. The quality is very cheap. The pieces are very thin. Nothing like any checker board I've ever seen. Unfortunately, they are hard to find, so I'm stuck with this one."
A box containing Yugi's decks comes out in October 2015 and it includes this card and the other three invitation cards too as promos. It should be worth about $50.
Doesnt go too far
The sound does not work
"I love Melissa and Doug and I'm sure it's a lovely doll. Unfortunately, it has been over 7 weeks, says it's delivered and still has not been."
"It arrived with a hole in it. Very disappointed, as it was for my step-daughter's 7th bday. We tried taping it, but nothing held."
"Thin, but that is what you get for the price and that is fine.  Product picture shows 6 distinct designs, but I only received 3 distinct designs.  I couldn't give them out to the girls as planned.  Disappointment.  Can't give 1/2 stars, but my true rating is 2.5 stars.  I could've given 2 stars but I bumped it to 3 stars due to price point.  9-8-15 update to my original review:  The bracelets rip very easily exposing the measuring tape (same day I handed them out and they were not handled roughly).  I find this to be very dangerous and will not be purchasing anymore.    My updated star rating went from 3 to 1 star (due to the bracelets ripping easily)."
Small did not look as good as it does in the pic
The seams fell apart on ours too right away and it did not last at all.  do not buy
"These are clear with pink dots that flash either red or blue. Clearly not the same as the description, but I didn't really care for the colors. I bought them for a bachelorette party to wear to the club in Vegas last minute so I didn't have time to check them before getting there. Of course, when we decide to put them on as we're going to the club 2 out of the 4 headbands DO NOT WORK.. AT ALL. The point of the headbands was not for the color, but for the lighting up so we could find each other easily if we got separated. Very annoyed that not one but TWO were complete garbage. The two that did work had the switch backwards, where it lit up when in OFF mode and turned off when the switch was in ON. Please heed the reviews. NOT worth your money"
Ugly.
Way too small. I do not remember a size listed. My fault for not reading more closely.
I didn't get the chef coat just. Hat
This dress is too small  and the hat does not go very well with the dress .  The dress does not go all the way around the Barbie and it doesn't even fit a dress stand
These do not work.  They broke in the first 15 minutes and are really really cheaply made.  Not worth the price!!!
"Piece of JunK, Don't do it, Save your Money. Awesome Design but Extremely low quality materials. |<br />Piece of JunK. Awesome design, Well Made, but Very Very sad to say; the materials used are extremely low quality and this thing is basically JunK. &#34;Do Not&#34; buy this, I am gonna steal the design and make my own using high quality webbing and top notch inflatable multi-purpose dry bags for floatation, This would be an excellent accessory on back country canyoneering trips, but I am sorry to say this piece of garbage would never be up to the task, Extremely cheaply made, the flotation bags are thin and fragile and the fabric is very flimsy, Hmmm, is there any more reasons I can possible give to Not buy this? Nope, thats pretty much it. Don't do it, save your money."
it lasted like... 10 minutes before cracking...
"Love the bag , Hate the seller .... Haven't even got a chance to use the bag I had a workbook and a pencil case filled with pens and pencils and I lifted it up by the top strap and it rips. I email the seller and refuses to let me return it. Never will a buy from him again . The bag is so adorable and larger than I thought which is awesome !"
I bought 3 sets to go with the 3  [[ASIN:B00K5Y22VG Syma X5 4 Channel 2.4GHz RC Explorers Quad Copter]] I bought. The quad copters are great but the batteries were different sizes and half won't fit in the slot.
Velcro pieces are barely hanging on.  Lack of quality for sure.  I am going to have to sew the Velcro back on and we just took them out of the bags. Very disappointed!
I thought it was great at first. Then after a couple months it starts floating and the dye leaks.
"I guess you get what you pay for. This is in no way a developmental toy or a 6 month old. It's the size of my palm and barely chimes. I highly doubt anyone would order this if they gave the dementions. Before ordering it seemed a lot bigger. After receiving its the cheapest toy, and went right in the garbage. Definitely not safe for small children!"
It came broken.
These bandanas are NOT red they are more dark brown-red or deep maroon. Does not look like the picture. Also they are not cotton. They are stiff and small. I would NOT recommend buying if you are looking for a true red bandana.
didn't give option to choose color. wanted white but received red.
"Big disappointment! Very cheaply made, air holes in wax, color is not pink its an ugly shade of purpley mauve, it looks nothing like what is shown!!! Waste of money, i will be buying something else, I wont ruin my daughters cake by putting this garbage on it!! Thanks for bad advertising, BEWARE BUYERS!!!"
Lost it cause the transmitter is junk I was mid flight when it disconnected and it kept going really pissed I just threw away 50 dollars
I ordered a set of these and the first set cracked. I ordered a second set (thinking that possibly the first set was defective) and the second set cracked.
"This was a Christmas gift for my husband 2014. Well he finally decided to give it a try 8 months later!!! It didn't work!!  It charged once and will not charge again, the tail rotor would not spin and it would not fly!! We took it to a local shop that can repair remote control devices and were told the main gear is broke. They do not sell parts for this since it was made in China. No he should not have waited 8 months before he tried it out, a lesson learned the hard way.<br />Don't know where to buy the parts at.. would not recommend this to anyone!!!"
Wtf the feature made it seem like you get all the rangers plus villian and a mystery ranger. If i knew this I wouldn't have wasted my money. I didn't get the mystery ranger for this option...I got Lord Zed who btw isn't a ranger....
Not worth the money
"This has a big gap in the middle where I expect the main body of the toy. You blow it up, climb aboard, and fall through the hole. I wish I could award zero stars for that. I didn't even bother inflating the head and neck"
"When I got the product, two of the four batteries were already puffed. One was slightly thicker than the original battery, the other was slightly puffed. Now, after less than a week, all 4 are puffed and barely fit in the quad. I don't entirely trust them to not vent. Would not buy again."
Doesn't power on :( sending it back
It broke after a month.  Elmo randomly stops talking in the middle of a sentence or song.  We tried changing the batteries but it didn't fix it.  It's really cute and my daughter loves Elmo.  Disappointing.
It did not work. Waste of money.
"Terrible, terrible, terrible. Just like everyone else, I would give 0 or negative stars if I could. My son paid his own money for this kit. What a huge disappointment. We followed the instructions to the letter (which was hard for him because he is not the most patient of kids...) After the 15 hours of soaking, there was a VERY thin layer of sediment (certainly did not look like a crystal). I told him to let it soak for another 15 hours and check in the morning. Nothing. Seriously disappointed 9 year old. BOO! How can you feel good about yourself when you put those pictures on the cover of the box? You know it will never come out even close for a kid at home."
Was broken when arrived
Box was all beat up wasn't package in another box it was re-taped motor in gun sounds like it's going to die not happy
"Junk, plain and simple."
"There are a lot of parts to this to put together.  Some just don't fit where they are supposed to.  The most important part, the plug, doesn't fit.  This is a lot of money for a useless piece of junk."
Looks cheap and ugly and both of my daughters refused to give it to my granddaughters to ware it.
"Pencils look old, worn out and dirty but the best part is all the metal/erasers fall off. I would say 1/4 of the pencils had no erasers and i found them all at the bottom of the bag. *bummer*"
"This is way to hard for little fingers to do.  the ties are too short and close together, and was quite frustrating for my 7 year old."
"There was alot of pieces missing from this item and it was NEW,,,,,,,,"
"I would put zero stars if that were a option. This is the first review I have ever wrote. The balloons are very easy to fill as advertised ,  however probably one third of them had pin size holes and leaked immediately. Tookthem to the park to a family reunion. When it was time to use there were only 5 still filled (out of 240). When I wrote to complain they sent me copy of instructions that said should be used in 10 minutes. Maybe this should be in bold print on the front of the box. Unless you are going to use immediately don't waste your money. I wish I would have believed all the negative reviews I read!"
Was broken when received and had crusty batteries.
"These things do NOT stick together well.  Frustrating.  Switched to Perler beads, and although they take more effort to iron, stay together WAY better."
"This item was also horrible. It does not glow as advertised. They barely put any fishing line in the package to hang the planets. For the price they could add some extra string, especially since they are not going to have it glow."
was disgusted the first use was loosing air at seam no good
These buses are smaller wind-up versions of the buses sold individually.  The description never stated they were wind-up toys.  They are not as well made as the buses sold individually.
The card was damaged not very happy but it arrived really fast for when I needed it
"My daughter burst into tears at opening the box and seeing the Shopkins inside. They The package was clearly previously opened and taped back together, and though I'm no Shopkin expert, they don't look real. It also clearly states on the package that it included 2 &#34;fluffy baby&#34; Shopkins, which weren't included either, causing yet more hysterics. Seems like somebody took out the real Shopkins, replaced them with cheap knockoffs, then taped it back up. I expect more when I buy from Amazon.<br /><br />Personally, I don't care about whether they're real or not, but this was absolutely not the experience anybody was hoping for with this purchase."
I was excited to start this puzzle but apparently the company chose to send me a defective one. The moon is in the wrong location according to the image on the box and insert & many of the other background hills are reversed. So the top portion of the puzzle does NOT FIT together... I'm currently missing roughly 40-60 pieces from the version they sent me.<br /><br />DO NOT BUY.
description states &#34;& zebra&#34; but it is only the book
Junk.
This was an ink pen.  For the price I got a chuckle that it was misrepresented.
Doesn't really teach coding.  They use their own software to build a logic system but nothing is actually coded to the bot.  You just use pre-built programming built into their software and load patterns for the bot to do.  It will teach a child how to think about logic but not how to code or program.
The item seemed cheaply made. It stopped working just after a few weeks.
"This does not fit the &#34;Lego&#34; brand lego's. I bought this to make a Lego table for my grandson, we had glued it down to a table so he could build with the lego's but they didn't fit onto the pegs on this board.  This was a birthday present for a 4 year old and it was his first lego's not duplo's. He could not press the lego's onto this board. Very disappointing!  Had to go out and buy a Lego brand base and remove this one from the table. Not recommended."
Not happy. Motors do not line up with Quadcopter arms.  Unable to mount motors.  Frame or motors are defective.  It has been returned will try again.  If problems still around then a refund is in order.
Ours broke within a week with two tiny toddlers using it. It popped open on one of the seems and made a huge split.
Cheap garbage! Box was paper thin and the sticks broke let and right!
"Do not waste your money.<br />String is thicker than beads, so you cannot put beads in string.<br />So disappointed"
I love this series but the box came in horrible condition which resulted in many of the cards being smashed or crinkled. I got four EXs but they where all a but smushed not to mention duplicates although amazon cannot fix the duplicates the fact that the box was smashed is definitely on their end
Doesn't work. Most of the time the buttons don't even respond/register touch. Would not buy again.
Did not come with adhesive to stick to ceiling.
Stinks really bad- like an awful plastic smell.  material is cheap and will definitely not hold up.  and it is much smaller than expected.  my son cant fit his zipper binder in it.  but his bookbag last year fit his zipper binder and lunch bag.  Print and color matches image though.  My son loves Messi but upset about his bookbag.
Broke after a tipover
"I bought this product at Target and I inflated it up and then the next day I heard a hissing sound and I decided<br />to inflate it it just made it worse then it got a gigantic hole so now I can't even put duck tape over it. 😢😢<br /><br />Pros.<br />Lasted for awhile<br />Fun to bounce<br />Easy to inflate<br />Children safe<br /><br />Cons<br />Popped easily<br />Need other things to inflate<br />Picks up a lot of dirt, hair, and dust.<br /><br />I highly don't recommend it it pops really fast and your kids will cry I almost did when it popped."
broke in a month
"This was not what I expected at all, They are hard to put together and smaller then I realized."
Very disappointed.  Several of had arms off and I had to put them back together.  I'm afraid they won't last long with a 4 year old.
"Pete doesn't respond unless you get real close when you are speaking.  This scares my loved one to stick him so close.  Also, the voice is not clear enough to understand most of the time.  Very disappointed in Pete.  I will be returning him.  [[ASIN:B00II3SQ3Y Pete the Repeat Parrot]]"
boring - doesn't retain interest
This thing is a piece of crap. We've only had it since Christmas 2014 and the green &#34;button&#34; doesn't work at all anymore. Ready for the trash. What a waste. The original where you actually press the buttons would be better - maybe.
that is so inapropite
Broke the very first day my son had it and he's not rough on his toys. This is the second one he's had now that the leg has broken on.
these are miniature stickers.  you will have buyers remorse after purchasing these stickers.  Seek an alternative set of stickers.
"Can not get them to stay inflated. Kept having to re-blow them up, during my daughter's birthday party. Very disappointed."
I do not understand how you consider something in good condition when it is repaired with a nut with sharp edges. It is not even safe to give this to my child. I will never purchase anything from this seller again! I suggest that anyone who reads this does the same.
Well thus was fun to check out the three times i got to fly it then it won't charge. Wouldn't recommend this
No Stars<br /> Worst $60 I ever spent!!!!<br />So bad I  donated it to a  Church
It broke right away
I needed it for my sons bday party. The inside packet was open with only 12 toys instead of 16 (needed 16 pieces for 16 kids). I would have returned it but i received the package just on the day of bday and as such I needed the toys for the kids goody bag.
"ONE STAR BECAUSE THERE IS NO 0 STAR RATING.  Awful toy, promoting cetaceans being held in captivity and &#34;trained&#34; for our amusement to make big bucks for some companies.  Gives absolutely the worst message."
Doesn't work and very disappointed that seller never responded to my complaint.
"Only got 10 that I liked... There's a lot of BS stickers. Hello kitty, some smoking characters, and a whole lotta BS. The BAPE ape is based off the fake bape logo, they couldn't even get the color correct. Sticker quality is average, there's some stickers where the back is disproportionate to the actual sticker..."
"Very pretty tattoos but there are only 8, not 16.  If you take scissors and cut away the swirls that must be the 16 they are counting."
"Smaller than I expected, guess I should have read the description better!"
cheap! the belt is too stiff to actually wear and the tools fall apart
I was really disappointed when l ordered it l thought it was all the way around but it didn't have a back side only in front so it had to be sticked against the wall so it won't show and the shipment weight was 3.5 pound but they lied it was 6.1 pound which I had to pay more for the shipment and one of the fingers was broken and l'm sure it was already broken since the beginning because it was rapped up so well
Battery was dead on delivery
I ordered two of them at separate times.  They both popped on the second day.  Terrible product.
"The one I just received is trash. The dog seems to have a glitch or something. Only repeats one phrase most of the time. Goes to sleep too fast. Pulling on the tongue doesn't always work. The remote does not work. Even though I keep the rooms well lit since it needs light to operate, it still doesn't do all that's said here. Not worth $50. Maybe 20 bucks. I already destroyed the box when I was opening it. Was pinned down tight. You will need something sharp to pop those things off.  Waste of my hard earned money and I'll send it back if Amazon will take it without the original packaging. The dog pissed my dog off."
Ripped aftee 3 weeks. My son is very upset.
Product did not work. Returned it immediately. Still waiting for refund before posting more about experience.
"This toy is a cheap item found in the trading card section, next to the packs of Littlest Pet Shop & the $2.99 plastic ML ponies. When I opened the package this tiny pony laid in the bottom of the envelope I laughed because I've never seen anything so ridiculous. I was really disappointed though because my daughter has been really wanting this pony.  I paid 24.99 for this misleading tiny toy."
Broke with my 22 pound grandson in it.  And Intex has no return policy on it. Baby loved it. Im dissapointed in company policy.
The costume it self is cute but it is not true to size. My daughter is 7 and it would take some serious tailoring to make it fit. I'm sending it back with hopes of a smaller size since she loves the outfit. I will keep you posted if it is easy to exchange or return
"I gave  it one star because the sticker was pretty.<br />It is listed as being usable on cars and windows, but it is definitely NOT weather proof. It warped and peeled off my car window in less than three days.  :("
"This drone did not work for me, it came with one of the motor broken."
"Somewhere, the engineering of this helmet missed the mark. The straps have been built for an adult, not a child, making the buckle that is supposed to sit beneath the chin, actually sits closer to my 5 1/2 old son's right ear as the left strap is way too long and not adjustable! It looks beyond uncomfortable and just plain awkward. It basically looks like a little kid trying to wear an adult helmet, with the straps cinched up as far as they can go. The only fix, besides sending it back, is to cut the left strap down to size and use an industrial needle and thread to sew the straps back together. I even tried the helmet on my big, adult head and the straps fit me perfectly. It's too bad I'm not into race cars. Seriously disappointed. I thought this was supposed to be a reputable brand."
bought this in july...and now is august...the pool got leaks...everytime my 2 yrs old want to swim...i have to fill it up with water and also pumped air in.....very disappointed
The card size is not what i ordered. It was a large card when it should have been small.
Only received 1 key chain instead of the assortment listed.
"Not worth it.  Once together the set didn't work. Unlike the picture, which has a thick red rubber band, ours came with a cheap little tan one. No matter how much we wound it up it wouldn't turn. Uses a lot of paper which doesn't hold up well. Expect to build this once then put most of it in the recycling bin when you're done."
Fell apart in one day. Cute while it lasted though.
Do not understand this toy. Almost impossible for young kids to put together and then it falls apart too easily. Don't recommend this toy
Snake is 48&#34;. Don't know where the other 22&#34; are.  Very misrepresented
Lasted roughly 10 minutes before popping.
This is definitely not what I expected.  It is very small and cheap.  Would not recommend especially if you want something that will be a keepsake. The backing that was glued to the cover was crooked and the binding was not all the way glued.  Since I paid so little for it I didn't even send it back but would advise anyone to purchase with better quality if you want to keep this for a long time.
Horrible quality. I feel like even the 5 year old I bought it for will feel this way too. The material was literally paper and was not sewn all the way. I don't know how so many people gave this product good reviews.
"Super small. Product pictured doesn't explain that it's actually sized for 24months+. I bought two--one for a 5 year old, one for a 7 year old. Will be returning both."
This dress is very pretty but it does not fit around a Barbie doll it is way too small  !!!!
I think the pieces are alright but... The box was extremely dirty and there was a lot of dust inside as well as small little bugs were alive in the box... Really gross.
My son was so disappointed after receiving this for his 6th birthday because the &#34;guy&#34; won't stay on the motorcycle.  His hands are too big and they fall off the handles.  This cheaply made and over-priced.
MOST USELESS ITEM I EVERY BOUGHT ON AMAZON
Zero stars. Total waste of money. Lasted 15 minutes on grassy lawn. Do not buy.
"very misleading. headline says 12 pieces, but you only get ONE piece."
Broke after a week.
Not really what I expected to get.
"This item is NOT the Rookie Mini football shown in the picture. The item you receive is the Hydro football.  I was looking for the Rookie Mini Football that has the 'grippy' surface and is about 10&#34; in length, which I don't think is available anymore."
My son was so happy when he finally had a Wall-e. Sadly though to say that 2 days later he walked in with big tears cause he lost the head of Wall-e. It popped off so easily! Now the head is lost and we need another :(
"Mostly new worthless cards. If you are looking for cheap older filler cards to fill your antiquiated deck like me, look somewhere else. I kept two. Threw the rest away."
"This version of the Gazillion bubble machine is awful!  Oh, it makes tons of bubbles just fine, just as well as the Gazillion Bubbles Hurricane machine, however the bubble liquid reservoir on this one is so tiny that you have to refill it every minute or so.  The other Hurricane version lasts much longer between refills.<br /><br />What would really be great is if they designed a reservoir that could be closed so that it doesn't spill everywhere if you bump it."
I cannot give it a rating until I can figure out how to play it on the keychain. I have the standard game but thought this would be a great game to carry with me to play with my grand-daughter when we are out. No instructions come with the packaging. I will gladly rate it or just put it back in the package and return it. Your website doesn't help either.
These smell really bad.  I have blown up 5. 1 popped on its own after 10 minutes and 2 had holes in them from the start.  60% failure rate. At least there is 50 in the pack.
"Received this on time and my daughter (3 years old) absolutely loved them. However, after only an HOUR of wearing the shoes one of them broke! I feel lucky she wasn't cut! I've included pictures and I will be asking for a refund. Very disappointing😫"
This seemed like a knock off.  The plastic was not as high quality.  I should have read the reviews better.  The title is misleading.
"for 200 dollars this is a waist of money, because it falls apart and is made of cheap plastic and cardboard."
Broke first time playing with it me and my 7 year old son.
Really really poor quality. Returned promptly. One of the side boards was broken when received because the material is just so flimsy.
Tore the at the seams  right in the middle of use
Didnt Glow ! Sucked
Seems was open and head of balloon wouldn't inflate ...
"This is one of our great granddaughters favorite dolls, she has learned so much. Glad we got it."
"This had a slow leak right out of the box, very disappointing, this is my second purchase because I love this thing, I will buy it again but what a bummer to get a defective product."
Piece of junk.  Worked for about 2 minutes and then the on/off button would not stay on.  I had to hold the on/off button down in order for it to work which kind of defeats the purpose.  Returning it!
These do not work at all.  Very quiet and pitch is nearly impossible to control.  Not a risk to try out these cheap things though as I'm having them pay shipping both ways to deliver and return these plastic pieces of trash.
"I had hoped that I would be in the larger percentage of people that ordered this plush and received the one in the picture. However, I guess I'm just incredibly unlucky, as the one in the picture here does not at all resemble the one that I received other than the fact it's bowser. I am incredibly disappointed with this purchase."
Got this for my b day and was a fail . It shows it so big but it is so small . And when u get it it might not even be a flamingo  And my sister  got it and she got a black  flamingo  I'm telling you read carefully  because it says colors may vary and also animals  they just get whatever they have at their warehouse  anything that they have that is  tropical it is horrible don't get it or u will turn out looking like this 😲😨
Not worth the money. They were very very very tiny.
"Item was dead on arrival, and was returned for refund."
Very deceptive photograph. My wife just got her order and asked where the rest of the pencils were.
Awful terrible quality was not worth the money!
The worst! Kept deflating first time out of box. Horrible. Tossed the box or I would return!
"The package is much smaller inside so you really don't get much, especially for the price. It's also so dry its hard to mold anything, it just kinda comes apart. But the food thing is it vacuumed right out of the carpet. I'm definitely not buying this again."
stopped working
It says 140 pieces but it's only 100. That's a BIG difference.
This got a hole in it after about 10 mins of having my son in it.  It didn't even come with a patch kit.
I was so disappointed with this purchase.  I spent $43.98 on this.  I was stunned when I saw how small it was.  I checked prices online and found other sites sold this set for $14.99.
Didn't hold air after 1 day of light use.
the ears come off very easly. not worth the money.
"This is one of the worst products I've ever seen. When I was assembling it and trying to open battery compartment, the screw got stripped way too easily and it will be end of it. There was no way I could get the battery lad out of the compartment with the screw stripped completely just with on turn.<br /><br />WORST OF THE WORST!!! DO NOT BUY!!!"
Had to return and reorder two times. Raft kept deflating.
Never worked sold it for part
"The costume looks quite good on, but beware the washing instruction: you're not allowed to wash it! This is children's costume to be worn by… children! Of course we're going to need to wash it. We put it through our machine on its gentlest, shortest cycle and now all the sequins on the body are falling off and making a huge mess."
Really nothing special about this product. You can buy your own crayons for cheaper
"I bought this for my son last Christmas.  I was so excited to get it for him as a I thought he would love it.  Well, I could not have been more disappointed in this toy.  What I thought would be sturdy construction, turned out to be cheaply made.  The crane came off almost immediately, and was completely unusable.  I will not be supporting Melissa and Doug in the future."
This bucket is TINY... Not worth the price it's available for $5 at target and to send it back it cost more than what is worth... Very disappointed
Terrible. The batteries don't stay in.
nothing as depicted in picture
Terrible - picture quality is so poor it's unplayable.
it is not good and there some holes on it
Looks more like the real fake elf ears you see around the holiday. Buy a different ear for your cosplay.
It looks fine for what I wanted for our Disney trip-but I only got  ONE not three ....where are the other two?!!!
Very disappointed . So much smaller than what they looked like in picture . Should have read entire reviews. . Very small and no sun or moon .<br />Out up anyways because son was excited .
Junk
"Don't buy this or the fruit. I have never posted a review before so be assured that I feel very strongly about this. I received the fruit and vegetables 2 days ago and yes, the seams from the molds are rough and SHARP!  If not filed down, these seams could definitely cut the skin. I spent too much time filing the seams of each piece with a glass nail file. I did this because they are cute and too cheap to mess with returning. These products should be taken off the market. Amazon, you should not offer them to your clients."
Do not buy this product.  I purchased it as a gift for my son's new pool and it didn't last a week.  The back ripped away from the seat.
"All I can say it you get what you pay for. Cheap. Cheap, Cheap! They feel like paper, stiff and hard to dress dolls."
You can get only one of 12.
This i just a blank kendama. Not Kendama USA or Tribute branded No extra String or Stickers.
"It says it fits every bike, but it does not.  Very frustrating to have a child so excited and then find out there is absolutely no way it can be mounted on her bike.  False advertising.  I'm busy and don't have time to package up plastic crap to send back, but sure would like my money back."
"I bought this pool for my kids to enjoy this summer, however it never filled properly. I suppose the land must be extremely flat to work. Our land we placed it on was not perfectly straight (close though!) and the pool was lopsided. My husband did his best to try and make it work, however a week after being filled up the pool was completely drained overnight. The seam split somehow. Would never buy this type of pool again."
Very disappointed. Opened the box and we received pencil sharpeners not glasses.
Do not buy
"Totally waist of money! This thing is made of paper, it doesn't properly folds like it's on picture (the roads keep going up forming an arc) and kids will ruing it in an instant. This thing looks like a commercial that you see in a toy shop - it's colorful and if you will fold it right and will not touch it it will stand and attract customers."
Does not look like the color in the picture at all.  It is a pale purple all around.  I was hoping for the vibrant purple pony pictured.
"ordered 2.one was broke to start with, the other wouldn't hold battery in place. Never tried, sending back."
I ordered a regular cover and got a small.  Now I will have to write them and go thru a lot of crap.  Don't buy from Yellow Mountain Imports.
A waste of 20 bucks
I'm a bit disappointed with this product. It was poorly painted and it doesn't have a glossy finished. I wanted them for decoration purposes but it looks too cheap so I gave them to my daughter to play with.
My brother was flying it after just opening it and it kept flying after he stopped pressing the buttons and fly really far away prolly defective want a non defective model
cheap
Poor quality
one word can describe this POS toy<br />terrible<br />dont buy
"This stock is good for looking cool and that's about it. It's an updated version of the flimsy stock that came with the Recon CS-6 with the same fatal flaw: The two orange pieces that connect the main stock to the mounting bracket are flexible and move in a slight breeze, much less when you try to actually use this stock as a stock. Seriously, Nerf, how hard would it be to make these things sturdier? I can't believe you reused this design. I'm guessing it was to keep the cost of the Modulus from going any higher. At least it does let you carry an extra clip, but that's the only positive thing I can say about it.  Seriously, don't buy this. If it comes with your Modulus, fine. If you're buying the parts a la carte, get the blaster stock or use one you already have. Personally I'm hoping Nerf puts out the Raider stock in Modulus colors as a future accessory so I can throw this thing far, far away."
Stopped working after 3 weeks .  This toy is expensive and unreliable. The seller does not answer to my messages.
Received one that stopped working after 2 nights. Complete waste of money.
"Poor quality product- the launch ramp air valve wasn't fully adhered and leaked immediately, plus another leak in the inflated end - both problems before fist use, right out of the box. Poorly designed water holes on the side make the edge roll over and squirt the wrong way, with no way to fasten down to achieve the appropriate angle. Small plastic pins to hold the slide in place are extremely ineffective. This was very frustrating for something that's supposed to stand up to kid use. Definitely not impressed."
This says waterproof but is not designed to be used in water. Eyelashes fell off within hour of being gently played with. No return policy only international Chinese phone number. I am shocked Amazon would sell such poor quality toys. i will avoid using Amazon in the future unless I can verify I am dealing with a reputable American company. This is like throwing money out the window.
This was a complete wast of money. It didn't work for us at all. Only a few of them filled right.
Didn't work right out of the box
"I read previous reviews on this toy and decided to purchase it for my two year old son who loves anything car related.  Customer service from both Amazon and Holy Stone was excellent, but that doesn't make this product itself any better.<br /><br />The first toy delivered was broken out of the box. The lights and sound all worked as expected, but the car did not move at all. The radio controller lit up, but no movement. I contacted the seller and they were very helpful and understanding. They sent out a replacement toy at no cost and I didn't have to return the broken toy.<br /><br />The replacement car arrived today. My son got all of three minutes of movement/enjoyment before the toy stopped moving. As before all the lights and sounds work but the car refuses to move. The wheels don't spin at all.  I would rather the toy never have arrived because now my son is upset that his car won't drive.<br /><br />All in all a very disappointing experience."
"ITS NOT THE RING PICTURED<br /><br />it has a storage compartment and the hatch to open it, it looks stupid with the hatch on it<br /><br />wish i would have gotten the picture that is advertised<br /><br />you can see it sticking out in the picture"
"Delivered below estimated date, good price, but low item quantity.<br />It states on the back &#34;Four in a pack&#34; but only has three.<br />After trying them out I found that they don't work as they should, it says &#34;bite&#34; but you mostly have to chew it ten to twelve times.<br />And the color was more pink then red."
I was really disappointed when l ordered it l thought it was all the way around but it didn't have a back side only in front so it had to be sticked against the wall so it won't show and the shipment weight was 3.5 pound but they lied it was 6.1 pound which I had to pay more for the shipment
the game is confussing and takes to long
"does not stay open when the step stool is open ,, defective design. side wall would collapse"
It was too small
Do not waste your time. Looks like used children's party favor bag.
Wouldn't float with helium....
"Very weak figure leg comes off easily and so does arm, the abb crunch articulation is very loose"
never did work. Sent it back for full refund
The slice I received looks nothing like the listing photo. The wood is so marred with knots and dark grain splotches that it can't be used as the wood burned wedding plaque that I purchased it to make. I am completely dissatisfied.
"What a total piece of crap, set up is difficult, instructions are worthless. my friend bought the DJI phantom, where as this shows to have the same features I thought it would be similar, not even close. even after making the low voltage cut out modification as I read abut in the forums. it still crashed after 10 minutes of fly time.I have calibrated it repeatedly yet it wont stay true. and the GPS features are completely worthless.<br />I am brought back to the old saying, delight of low price will never outlive the disappointment of low quality. save yourself the time and aggravation and buy the phantom. this thing has been nothing but a waste of time and money!"
It broke while my kid was playing with it. One of the beak just broke.
DO NOT BUY THIS. IT IS NOT A HUBSAN. FALSE ADVERTISEMENT.
Information listed in ad is misleading.  Ad states for 12 months to 12 years.  When order arrived I noticed box is labeled for ages 2-6.  My petite 4 yr old granddaughter will barely fit in chair.  We purchased based on be able to use until age 12.
"I purchased this for my daughter. When we received it, not only was the seal broken, but the tiny fan was broken too. The screws are eaten away like this was previously used. Don't buy this!!!!"
These were a big help when putting up the swing set..
Don't waste your money
"This is the sorriest excuse for a mooing cow puppet! First of all it looks like a gold club cover. There needs to be more image views available. Second, the &#34;moo&#34; sounds more like a dying electronic voice box. My daughter started crying and ran."
"This product is pictured w/ an exclusive sticker, and no one I know received it w/ said sticker.  This effects collectable value, period."
"Really fun, but the screw-in pegs are getting worn after only a few uses. They'll probably strip soon and we won't be able to use it anymore, unless we figure out a way to fix it. Really fun game, though!<br /><br />***REVIEW EDIT*** The company contacted me after my first review and said I must have gotten a defective unit and would ship a new one--never happened. This one is unusable as the center peg won't screw in and it holds the entire thing together. Buyer beware!"
"I don't know who decided how to ship this me, but they should be fired.  I had already gotten a Kyogre plush at a convention a while ago and wanted a Groudon to go with him, this is not what I was hoping for.  When he got here I was astonished to see this tiny aluminum-type wrapper, not a box mind you, a wrapper that was so tightly bound around him that when I opened it up I was hugely disappointed at how deformed he was.  His head crests were bent over and no matter how hard I tried I couldn't get them in the proper upright positions, his right arm was bent as though he'd broken it at the elbow, and the spikes on the end of his tail were pressed off to the side.  So needless to say, I would not recommend purchasing this guy online unless you can request/specify you want him shipped in a box so that he doesn't show up at your door looking like he went through some sort press machine."
This item comes in four different pieces that don't fit together very well.  Also the base is a cheap plastic base that it doesn't stay in very well.
DO NOT BUY!! My 2 year old daughter was able to pop this with her fingernails after about 10 mins of play. Quality is suboptimal!
"The slippers came with all the fur completely matted down. No matter how much ruffling I've done, they haven't been able to stand back up. Also, there is a lot of fur that sheds off of these (in chunks!). Finally, the description says it fits US sizes 6-9. I'm a size 7.5- with climbing shoes which fit pretty snug. My heels stick out by half an inch on these slippers. Definitely not worth the buy"
Either this is a bad joke or just plain rude!
"I intended to order the JUNIOR size blocks, as the item description states.  The box I received was for the size suited for older children instead."
Too small for the price!
This and other orders keep on getting cancelled
"ITS NOT THE RING PICTURED<br /><br />it has a storage compartment and the hatch to open it, it looks stupid with the hatch on it<br /><br />wish i would have gotten the picture that is advertised<br /><br />you can see it sticking out in the picture"
Not at all what I was expecting. I thought I ordered blue butterflies but instead I received black silhouette-style butterfly shapes. Guess I'll have to make them look pretty myself...
"Was not in a sealed box as stated in product description. Plastic bag that holds. parts was opened, Parts missing. Instruction sheet missing. Looks like I got it at a thrift store. Definitely cannot give this as a gift as intended"
It is not good.
"These floats would be great, but they only last about two weeks until the seat starts to rip. Very disappointed. Bought six of them. They are all in the trash."
Product looked beautiful but came with 2 holes they would not be a deal breaker if it wasn't a child's pillow and the stuffing could end up choking my daughter.<br /><br />Would have sent it back but compared to the actual cost and my freight forwarder's cost it didn't make sense.<br /><br />Would like to see the supplier at least try to solve my issue if possible thanks in advance.
Terrible product. Worked great and we really enjoyed it for the first week and then one microphone stopped working for no reason. A month later and it no longer plays CDs at all. I've tried calling customer service several times and can never get through to a person. Very disappointing for the price.
Horrible service!!! And the product was broken after few times of use.
"I purchased hot racing extended axle housings, knuckles and broke every one of those long axles at the outer pin. Instantly, I  bought 4 more. Same thing within min I have broke 7 total.  The one good one left the pin falls out. So could be binding in end. I gave up. And went broke.  so I don't recommend beefing<br />Up axle that way. Unless there's a better axle shaft than this to put in extended housings. project set aside, bummed, n broke. Literally 7 axles in minutes broke."
My daughter was gonna wear these to school for Halloween but the pants were ripped when they came and after 20 mins of wearing the top the seems started coming undone everywhere.... garbage I would have given it no stars if that was an option
poor quality
"Thought this product was great for about 6 hours until it started to deflate; tried filling it with air another 2 times- must have had a leak.  It was super cute and I would have loved it, were it not for that.  Ended up in the trash."
Received item and said &#34;Caution Zombies Ahead&#34; I would opt for a different brand if you're really needing it to say what the package says it is.
"I am giving this one star because I can't give it zero starts. Picture is very deceiving, it is actually one short strand of dull chips. (Not bright green  as shown in the picture - all a dull dark green.) I did receive my refund quickly, but will not use these guys again. And the price is ridiculous for what you get. Very disappointing."
"Does not match description and pictures, absolutely rubbish.<br />This supplier is a rip off"
Much smaller then I thought and very cheaply made! I notice the things that come from china I have been very disappointed with!! They always look better online!
Velcro pieces are barely hanging on.  Lack of quality for sure.  I am going to have to sew the Velcro back on and we just took them out of the bags. Very disappointed!
"Ha ha! The puzzle says for ages 4 and older. We were from ages 50+, 15, 12, 7 & 8 and couldn't get the puzzle started, let alone finished!"
"Bad quality. It came apart on the first flip and I didn't have time to return, when I tried to return it was too late. Don't waste your money."
"One sound only, no modulation of the sound like on the tv series!<br />Lights up ... wow, that's so hard to do<br />The Screwdriver ...... cheap nasty bits ,,,,, about as magnetic as an orange<br />Bits are cheap and loose in the screwdriver can't wait for the bit to fall inside the computer,<br />with a screw on the end of it while trying to fix something or they will strip in the neck of<br />the screwdriver.<br />Can you round and around we go......"
These do not even hold water at all!! More cheap crap from China!!! Shame on Amazon for offering!!!
"my students loved it, was used on a poster"
Very poor quality I expected for them to at least hold the air but they don't!
Broken thank you for stealing my cash
"To be fair, I SHOULD HAVE RETURNED THIS. But time got away from me during the busy summer, my fault. The item arrived broken. The valve was very poorly made and must have broken during shipping. We never got to use it, I purchased a different water balloon filling system from a different manufacturer at Wal-Mart. I've never had an issue with any other Wham-O product, they're usually my &#34;go to&#34; unusual toy provider. I still love you, Wham-O! Lol"
Plastic feeling
It was cheap and didn't work waste of my money
It comes in 8.5x11 sheets of paper. Super lame.
Broke the first day
"What a terrifying story! Why is this so popular??? It's as if, the elf will be stalking my daughter... No thank you!"
This is a toy. In the description it is listed as for hunting. Not so. This is a cheap toy.
"This is the worst s**** ive ever seen,this is not lookin T'alc.!!!! This is lookin like a character from Doctor Who http://de.doctorwho.wikia.com/wiki/Sontaraner Sontaranter"
"I am giving this one star because I can't give it zero starts. Picture is very deceiving, it is actually one short strand of dull chips. (No color as shown in the picture - all a dull dark green.) I did receive my refund quickly, but will not use these guys again. And the price is ridiculous for what you get. Very disappointing."
Aweful! The product was not what the title stated! I got primal clash booster packs not phantom forces! The label says phantom forces!! How could you mess it up!? It's in the photo.
Super slow and the car could not go straight.
Ridiculously assymetric.
This is a rip-off.  Buy these items separately from a big box store for much cheaper.
This is not a Shengshou Pyraminx.  This thing is junk and took over three weeks to receive from China.
"I am so disappointed. I feel like lately I've been returning everything back to Amazon. These were NOTHING like described or like the pictures other buyers posted.<br /><br />First all, there were several &#34;dinosaurs&#34; that weren't even HALF painted.<br /><br />My &#34;dinosaurs&#34; came in a mix of very unrealistic colors. I got (12) blue, (20) orange, (10) pink, (12) purple, (10) green, (4) gray, and (4) purple-brown colored &#34;dinosaurs&#34;.<br /><br />I bought these for my daughter so I appreciate a pink dinosaur, but c'mon. Almost every T Rex I got in the back was pink. I bought these hoping they were look like actual dinosaurs and I was so let down.<br /><br />Will be returning these ASAP."
Wasn't the color I was told and I went thru hell returning it
"Plastic feeling,looks like very cheap with bad quality,and package was damaged : ("
"Terrible, don't buy, they don't work."
"Very tiny space for fingers t..it is almost like it was meant for kids to play with it - not parents to use to tell stories to kids..<br />if that was the intent, that needed to be called out in the product description.<br />Also the material is very poor quality, and easily rips apart."
this isn't even screen accurate armor.  It is a picture of a horrific crappy rubies costume.  gross
Stupidest toy invented!!! I'm still not sure what the design people were going for!!!
Too big for my 3 years old son
"When I received the Talking Soft Kitty Doll, it DID NOT talk !!!<br />  Sent back for a full refund so thank you for that."
"Cheaply made, very dissapointed!"
"Save your money! Right out of the box...two defective prop motors. I'd rather have root canal than to try and get satisfaction from a return policy issued by a Chinese company. First off I believe these  manufacturers have no &#34;quality control&#34; system in place. This is the second time I'm going down this rocky road, receiving a supposedly &#34;new defective' product.  No More!<br />They want you to send then a Video of the product and upload it to uTube so their techs can determine what the problem is. If they agree it is defective prop motors they will send you new ones to &#34;install' yourself, (better  have a soldering kit and know how to solder tiny electrical connections. They do not recommend returning the product. So basically using their logic if I purchased a new car from them and the transmission was kaput they would send me a new one to replace myself.,"
did not light up like the controller shows  has a botton for the siren and lights when got it it dose not
"This balloon had a hole in it. I was mad because not only did it have a hole in it, I wasted a lot of helium trying to blow it up."
Doesnt fit. Doesnt work.
THERE ARENT ALOT OF PICTURES T<br />BUT ALOT OF THE SAME ONES WHICH SUCKS. I EXPECTED DIFFERENT STUFF ON THEM.. NOT 4 ELEPHANTS ETC...
"My toddler got one of these for Christmas, but we accidentally left it at a hotel several months later. I'm so glad we were able to find this replacement! It was a long two days without it. I was really impressed with how well the original held up in the wash. We washed it along with her bedding, and hadn't had any problems with matting, coming unstitched, etc, not even with the bow. Hopefully this will be the same.   Update (four months later): I'm not at all please with the quality of this replacement dog. It really looks like a matted-haired rat. My daughter still loves it, but it is quite embarrassing to take this now ugly toy with us. It's so bad even family members cannot recognize that it's supposed to be a dog."
Would give 0stars but can't
Never did receive the motor assemblys I ordered. Got separate gears with the wrong shafts and motors that looked used and did not last only a few flights. One motor literally fell apart after one flight. Not to mention the props I received were for a Hak 907 and NOT the Hak 909 props I had ordered. Definately learned my lesson here!!!
"sorry but my 6 kids couldn't figure it out, and then they lost the ring on the first hour of play.  not buying this again"
This product does not deserve stars. This ruined a balloon toss for children at our block party! I want and demand a refund. The balloons maybe 70 of 120 filled maybe to be an inch and a half. And the ties were not tightening and it they ALL withered into nothing in fifteen minutes. I want my my money returned and someone to contact me!
it suck its plastic you canot evan put it together it is the worst bey ever
To small gave it to my granddaughter
"Terrible - couldn't even change when I took it out of the packaging. Not because it was broken, but because the USB port is so poorly designed."
These didn't taste like anything. I didn't even give them out.
It is grossly overpriced and the picture doesn't even show you the sets you're getting!
mine came broken. i had to return it.
"Very disappointed with this product. The camera stopped working 6 months after we purchased the quadcopter, we troubleshooted it and it worked sometimes and other times it didn't until it stopped working completelly. Then at 1 year and a month after we purchased the product the motherboard is defective and the quadcopter won't fly. I called Heli-max warranty department, which by the way is a third party company, to see what they can do and they basically said no can do, they could not even sell me another mother board at a discounted rate.  A product this expensive should have a live span of at least 3 years. I will never buy another item from this manufacturer."
Didn't hold air
"Ears were broken upon arrival, mask too small for face, belt too big for waist...material very thin."
"These are terrible! Some of the pieces won't stay together, one of the hands is misshapen, the paint on the faces is crazy, some of the legs are bent! My kids were really disappointed!"
Several bottles came empty or half empty.
"very disappointed. took this out of the box to use. was able to use 2 times. the thrid time, while pulling the string, the outer ring broke where it was welded. very very upset. do not wast your money on this as it will not last more than 5 minutes"
The size is only good for up to 4 years old. Didn't fit my 7 year old boy.
I've bought two of these boats now and a spare battery. The boats work great out of the box (even better if you connect the wires directly from the propeller rods).  The first boat I purchased worked for a couple runs before one of the motors started to malfunction.  Now the boat turns in circles instead of going straight because one motor still operates at full power.. I reluctantly purchased another boat (it's a great boat for the price.. when it works..). This second boat lasted for about 5 to 10 minutes in the water before it just stopped working. I emailed the seller to request an exchange or return and received an email with return instructions stating there would be a 25% return fee.. and I have to pay return shipping.. basically I guess what I'm saying is that I now have 2 broken boats and 3 working batteries. Don't bother wasting money on this junk.. you can have mine for free (+shipping!)
This was the second one we purchased and both of them leaked within the first week. The patches they send with the Jump O Lene are useless because both leaks were on the seams so they just wouldn't hold. It was really unfortunate because my nephew loved it.
I should have read the reviews
Have not been able to get any cars to make it around the loop. I would not recommend this
Sad to say when I receive my package in the mail not only was the box broken but that toy that I bought for my son with his almost broken as well very disappointed in the way that I received this package
They're sticky.
Too small for child. Am returning. Would have to be a very small child to fit. My just turned two year old grandson can't begin to fit.
I thought it was going to be the pink vivillon...
I received this product and it was not what I asked for.  Not happy with the order.
rip off! Piece of junk. battery lasts for maybe 30 minutes on a full charge!
I received tattoos that were not even listed. I wanted the flags..ships..map ect. THE ONES LISTED I ended up with two pirate looking guys and one skull bone tattoo. NOT COOL!!!!!! AND I was all excited to use these tattoos for my son's party this weekend!

"I revived this item completely broken and destroyed in the mail. The box was soaked, I do not reccomend this product."
this broke 10 minutes after it came out of the box both arms fell off and the action figure has a hard time staying inside its enclosed spacethe arm with the ball keeps falling off and I eventually had to crazy glue it on since it wouldn't stay a real piece of crap I wouldn't recommend this at all a big waste of money
Blow dryer did not have a sound as described. This was the main reason for ordering this item very disappointed..too much trouble to send back
"This product is garbage, maybe the only thing worse is their (Parrot) customer service.  First drone had a motor stop mid flight, contacted Parrot first. Took them 3 business days to reply via email, which they just requested additional information - I also called after their advertised 2 business day response time. After waiting on hold for 27 minutes, yes 27, I gave up and hung up.  Luckily amazon was able to replace the faulty product.  Second drone arrived, it was used, in a torn box. After 2 minutes of flight all of the motors cut and it crashed - luckily from a 3 foot height this time.  The magnet that holds the inside or outside frame on did not work. The hull of the product is substandard.  Had I read their support website prior to ordering I would not have bought this. Just take a look, it outlines how to replace all of their faulty parts in videos. My advise, do not waste your money.  You would be better off with an air hogs drone than this."
"After only a year, all 4 of these Nerf laser tag guns are not working.  There is something wrong with the software.  We've tried new batteries but nothing works.  It's a shame to see a great company like Hasbro kicking out such poor quality.  For nearly $200, I would expect these to last a minimum of 3 years.  Sent a note to Hasbro customer service.  I'm guessing that will go nowhere.  What happened to the days where manufacturers made good products and stood behind them?  I suggest you keep looking for a gift for your son."
Cheap and not worth the money!!!
"This thing was very frustrating to try to assemble.  Took hours.  Anything that you had to use their tape to attach, fell apart as soon as you put the piece on.  I'd get the thing assembled and try to get the balance right to get it to float, which was almost impossible.  It was either going to rise or drop.  I'd try to get it to swim and it would stay in one place and just wiggle it's tail as it would either rise to the ceiling or drop to the floor.  It would not swim.  After about 8 hours of working on it, I quit and went to bed.  Next morning, I found that every piece of tape, sticky stuff, had fallen off and it would need to be completely reassembled.  I cut holes in it to deflate it and trashed it.  It was very trying to deal with this junk."
"Yes, these are cute, like many of the reviews say, but waaay smaller than described. Totally not what I had in mind! The description makes you think they are 1x12 (which would have been perfect) and then the dimensions listed say 10 inches, but obviously, only 8! And that's with it laying flat. Very disappointed in his product!"
Returned. Box was crushed and crown was broken.
it was broken.
Look$ nothing like picture. Cardboard oval glued on elastic band with feathers glued on it
"This product was a huge disappointment. First of all, there was a $1.00 (clearance) sticker on the back of the bag. I paid over 5x's that amount for the item so I felt a little jipped. Oh well. At least I had the the.... Not so much. The rubber bands were all dried out and when we tried to use them they snapped, one by one. Huge rip off :-("
Mainly shuffled cards from one side and not from the other.
"The kits we have gotten from Lowe's & Home Depot have been much better quality and more kid friendly than this brand. My 6 yr old daughter had a terrible time w/this and when I tried to help I noticed the holes weren't pre-drilled where they were supposed to be and when you hammer one side, nails that were already hammered in on the other side fall out. Both of ours fell apart within minutes of attempting to race them. Now I have two upset kids. Terrible, cheap product. Waste of money."
"These little telescopes are awful.  The &#34;glass&#34; is so blurry, you can barely make out the colors of objects, and definitely can't tell what those objects are!  It's like the opposite of a telescope.  They would be better off having nothing in there.  I had planned to use these as a party favor for a Peter Pan birthday party, but am returning them because even my daughter thought they were dumb."
The wig look old
"Bought it for our one year old's birthday. Total pain to put together and lo and behold - it leaked! Through the legs. So we had to put it back in the box, total pain, and now looking for one to reorder. And now I'm reading all these reviews about leaking legs going back years -- WHY THE BLEEP HASN'T THE COMPANY FIXED THIS ISSUE?!? I can't believe people still rate it highly, even with all these leak issues. Ridiculous."
"Does not work. Tried replacing batteries with new Durcells, but that did not fix the issue."
"Instructions are pathetic and the motor in our kit had a broken shaft (the one that drives the bottom gear). While we did not pay for it, it was a prize my son chose for meeting a fundraising goal."
This game arrived damaged.  The game box was crushed on two sides and several of the playing pieces were broken.
"The page very much looks like this is the price for a set of four. The pictures all show 4 bracelets, & the copy talks about them in the plural. As cheap as much LED stuff is that was a reasonable expectation. SO disappointed to get a box with one. Will be sending back."
Didn't last more than a week.  I was so embarrassed as I bought this as a gift for a family member.
"When advertised, this gave the appearance of being much larger.  Especially for the price it was advertised at."
"Recived in very awful condition, yea it was used...in a blender, still very happy i got my playset complete i guess"
"I bought this as a gift and I found it that the board broke right in half.  I'm very upset to hear that it was so cheaply made..  I think Hasbro or Amazon should A- give me a refund, or B- send me a new game."
"It was horrible!!!!! I didn't have high expectations due to the price, however, it worked only 1 time, 1 squirt! Totally not worth the time to order. I would have returned it but it wasn't worth the effort!  No star would be my pick if that were an option!!"
"Advertised as Elsa, picture was Elsa and I got Anna."
Really hard to put together because the pieces are so tiny and all the same color.
Extremely small and not convenient to mount inside the locker.
"We bought this at a local store, not amazon.com. Didn't work fresh out of the box! We've had lots of fun with hexbugs over the years, but this appears to be a dud. Going back to the store tomorrow. : ("
Should've read the diversions. This is TINY!  smaller than a U.S. quarter.
"For anyone who skips over the title and description and goes straight to reviews, this is for you. These are generic figures, not the real deal. They come completely disassembled (legs need to be built, arms need to be inserted into the body) and you will undoubtedly break a few legs building them due to the poor quality plastic.<br /><br />If you want a handful crappy knock-off figures for a low price, look no further."
The packaging is pretty awful and the opposite end popped off and more then half a container spilled onto the ground cracked and was completely a waste for the few I was Ted for my kids to try. Also they crack open pretty easily while trying to move them into bracket form about fifteen cracked at our block party that went already ruined.
this is the biggest piece of junk I've ever bought in my life it does absolutely nothing but take up space it is a waste it is supposed to stick together like a frisbee with suction cups on the inside and then turn into a ball once it is caught the inside never sticks together the suction cups just don't work it is frustrating because it just keeps popping open and becoming a half ball have frisbee it is a frustrating piece of garbage do not waste your time no matter how good the commercial looks this item I'm surprised ever made it to the marketplace
"This is ridiculous,it is SO tiny and cheap,I was embarrassed when it arrived,it only has a couple darts too..if your child has a lot of toys and you want to avoid clutter of useless items then don't purchase this."
I ordered this one brand new and the side of the box was cracked on the paint and the back top portion was ripped more than half way off cutting through the jokers portrait on the back
this is listed as a 12 piece set when i received it it was just one i would have never paid over 9.00 for just one mini figure.i think the description is very misleading.will never order again am very dissatisfied.
"Only had Chroma Drone for 2 full hours of flight time.  Perfectly calibrated my drone, powered on and got a successful Wi-Fi pairing.  Never could pair the camera as it said it needed an SD card.  I had both a 16G SD card in the controller, and a 32G SD card in the camera.  This afternoon after I synced the drone to the controller, I lifted off, and brought 10 feet into the air and it held it's GPS position when I took hands off controller.<br /><br />Moments later I flew it 100 yards maximum from me, and 200 feet of altitude.  The manual states it has a range of 600 yards.  I was no where close to being near the range of this unit.  The camera on the controller locked up, the Wi-Fi connection disconnected, and the drone started flying off!  I hit the &#34;HOME&#34; button on the controller but the Wi-Fi could not be re-established.  I did everything according to the manufacturer's guidelines and my $ 1,500.00 investment flew away and I could not follow it or retrieve it.  This unit has serious flaws and I will continue to post and re-post until Horizon Hobby compensates or replaces my unit with a working unit!  Very disappointing!  BUYER BEWARE"
Rip off you can get them at the dollar store
bathtub only... moves very slow
F-
They entire leg ripe off on the fourth day.  Patching was not an option.
It was described as elegant but should be sold at the dollar store. Don't waste your money on this crap. Cheap plastic that was missing pieces & looked like a return from someone else that got the cheap plastic piano.
"It would have been nice, if I could accualy get it. I guess I should have stuck with the last review. One star is to much! Hope they get it together some day. Rich"
I found some holes on it
Not - plush - short tail and not curly.  Doesn't even look like a cat.
No no no they were not fisher price
Item came damaged. The sharp wood piece almost hurt my baby if I didn't catch it. love Hape's toys but was very disappointed with this item.
The description says they are iron. I bought them for my iron anniversay but they are steel not iron! Steel is 5 anniversaries away.  I might return them.  :(
"cheap quality, it popped..actually more like  within 2 minutes of opening. These are not the same old whoopee cushions we grew up with, they are very thin and we didn't get any use out of it. Very disappointed"
Don't expect to get the shapes shown in the picture. They are just normal round slinkies. And the colors aren't nearly as brilliant as what is shown. Very disappointed.
Arrived a day late and ALL HARDWARE MISSING<br />Reorder IS TOO Late for Birthday Party
Terrible. Box arrived crushed not fit to gift. The easy snap together baemax armour falls off instantly and will not stay on. Looked like it was picked out if the trash.
You can buy these at the dollar store dirt cheap.
This is crap. Pls don't buy.
"My daughter used he gift card to buy this, and it wrote in one week. A total disappointment."
"no details doors dont open , hood doesn't open wheels dont steer total peice of crap"
Gave it to my 3 year old grandson on August 24th and it was broken by mid day on today August 27th.  Poor quality for young child.  I should have paid attention to the bad reviews.  They were correct!!
Odd dented international packaging and does not say bpa free. Bad feeling about it. Returned before my baby even saw it.
this is not worth the price.. the green pieces dont stay on good
"Unfortunately these don't align the coins accurately, some rolls had more some had less. Kept forgetting to return and once they deduct for shipping it's not worth returning. Donating these to Goodwill."
"This quad copter is defective.  The camera will not stay operating and the trim will not adjust.  I am experienced with quad copters, this is not my first one, and this one is not operating properly.  I have submitted 2 refund/return requests to the company and have not received any sort of reply at all.  I want to return this quad copter and get my money back.  I will be looking for a better model from a company with better customer service."
Did not work
THIS SAMPLE HAD NOTHING BUT FOOLS GOLD IN IT!
"For real, buy an older version. This one is awful. The game pieces fall out to easily, the board is SUPER cheap, the top of the board is a removable cardboard/plastic paper insert, and the popper is terrible. You can actually hack the game by popping in one specific place to get a 6 a higher % of the time.<br /><br />The newer rules are fine, with the warping and everything... But for real Hasbro... You charge 10$ for this??? Go back to the heavy duty board of when I was a kid and charge 15$."
This did not work when I received it for my sons birthday and too late to send for return! Disappointed
"Terrible product, most balloons filled with water, and most quickly leaked completely down to nothing.  DOES NOT WORK FOR MORE THAN 30 SECONDS.  DO NOT BUY"
Very bright light but difficult to use. Would prefer a better launching mechanism.
This item leaked air the first time we tried to fill it up.... for sure would not recommend
"Very nice, except the wings do NOT stay clipped in upright position ( since day 1)."
Plastic feeling，looks like very cheap with bad quality
i somehow got impression it had a motor.  it didn't  and is worthless to me.  I guess it comes under to good to be true
The horse's screws on the legs didn't line up with the base. There were no bolts to attach the horse to base even if they aligned. And there were no handles. Very disappointing.
Ii essentially happy it was very small I thought this was a mat that a child could sit on top of on the floor
"Don't bother flying this is there is the slightest bit of wind. Even if you do manage to get a day where it is calm, not matter how much trim adjustment you set it will uncontrollably wobble until it crashes into a building, tree, or eventually the ground. The positive reviews must be fake as I know someone else who bought this and has the same problems and even more."
"Very flimsy, lasted two days"
You can buy this puzzle on ebay for 13.00. Read description before you buy.
"Ordered two over the past year or so, one of them won't take a charge anymore and is only a few months old. For the price would have expected the newest one to last longer!"
It is a piece of sh**t<br />This thing don't even rotates
product was defective
doesnt work when I opened it form the package. Dont buy...
bad quality. dont buy this. i can attach sample pics if you need them.
Way too big and thin for what we needed for
"Junk, poorly packaged as well."
"Poor design, now on/off button"
"These are bs.  You get a cheap pair of gloves ( like dollar store ones) and a tiny thing ofbubbles.  The bubbles don't juggle or not pop. If your kids really want to try this, just give them bubbles and gloves. My son was so disappointed it didn't work. He had watched infomercials on the kids channel for months about it."
The hat was damaged and I was very disappointed.
Breaks too easily.
I ordered these thinking i would get animal finger puppets and i got the opposite. They were people. Some of them the heads were  pulling apart. The project I needed them for required animals. Now not only will my project be delayed but I have to find something else to use instead and will be out more money.
horrible condition.  extremely old and falling apart.  doesn't even work.
Horrible quality
The first one we made worked but can't make the other 3 as they keep popping off. Very disappointed.
Stopped working the next day
Honestly I don't know what I expected. Mask showed up shattered and the suit is cheap. Glad I only spent 10 bucks on it
I got this and it was broken an I got it for my 2 year old birthday
"I don't get how someone would rate the new Barbie dolls high! Did you buy Barbie in early 2000s and before? The quality of the new ones is GARBAGE!!! They have bad hair quality, they're not heavy like they used to be bcuz it's all dull plastic now. It's hard to make them sit down for some reason. They have fake plastic clothes and everything else is absolutely garbage! WHY?? You want to lose more fans? The new ones have less hair in them and they look bold when you do different hair styles! What happened to the thick hair? So mad at Mattel and I won't buy new Barbie dolls ever again. Not to mention the fact that Barbie has a big face overall! She doesn't look realistic like she used to face wise!"
it does no work for Phanton 3 as they said . its different than the one they show . i think i loose my money
"Not that it's expensive, but this thing is awful. It doesn't hold air and goes flat in 10 minutes."
Have the people who threw this item together even seen Breaking Bad?  This looks like Teddy Roosevelt in his cavalry hat!
yes is so nice live it
ABSOLUTLY horrible! Not at all like the picture!!!!!!!!! Don't buy!
not even the right car order to spawn got a scx10
Extremely small items
Absolutely terrible quality.  I wasted $20 on play food that basically fell apart the first day my kids played with it.  Horrible.  Do not buy.  You're better off spending a bit more for better quality.  We already threw most of it away because the squished pieces can't even be played with anymore.
"Terrible product. Dont waste your money. Product is lopsided, levers get stuck in lock position every time, marbles get stuck and the 'marbles' are actually plastic balls. Tremendous downfall of quality versus the original I playe in the 80's. I am shocked Amazon carries this product still."
Band broke first day
Old
Way smaller than I expected. The picture is deceiving because the stick was only an inch long. I sent it back.
This thing arrived tangled. It is made of very cheap plastic parts. Not worth it at all. Needed it for project and son was very disappointed
Don't waste you money on this. ALloyd the pieces were broken and can't be glued together.
"Bought this and it did not work!  This was a horrible waste of money.  Unfortunately, it was for someone else and by the time I got it back it was too late to return it.  It did not work from day one."
Too small
There is no 71 mustang in a movie taking place in 1962
Order suddenly appeared as super mutant. Some kind of bait and switch? And now all the sudden the price jumped up. Very disappointed...
What a project to assemble together! Never again!
one of the arms fell off with first use
This product did not meet my expectations. Overpriced sold elsewhere for $19.99. I was charged 29.99.
"Granddaughter loved the stroller.  Unfortunately, it broke after only a few days of use.  Returned and received refund without problems."
dont buy this cards they are all duplicates from hidden arsenal dont waste your money on this fubu cards please dont buy
Very small and over-priced.
This puzzle is totally not what it describes. It is TINY and cheap.
This is the second one I purchased..yhe first one showed delivered and the second one shows up with zero hardware...pretty retarded...never again with this seller!!
"After battery, didn't work at all. And no return after only 30 days? What's up with that? It took 10 to get to me."
gARBAGE!
badly made my son use this for two days an stop working
"Worst product to buy, it is poorly built and lasted for less than a week."
Looked cool for my son but car didn't work.
Arrived broken. I understand that it is a cheap toy but it arrived cracked and broken in two so it's not even usable.
Was broken when we received it.  Had to return.
So cheap! Don't waste your money!
Weird bey
Not at all impressed. To actually project a batman image you must b about three inches from the wall. Any farther and it is just a weak flashlight.
"\\""Disappointed\\"" does not adequately cover how I feel about this paint. It's as if I had ordered a pizza, and the restaurant delivered a cold pita with some cheese-in-can smeared on it. That's how disappointing this paint is.<br /><br />CONS<br />- Weak color<br />- Takes forever to dry<br />- Impossible to layer<br /><br />This stuff is runny. I feel like I've encountered thicker water than this paint. I've used Mehron paints before--ones that I've bought from a specialty costume shop--and they've had a much thicker consistency that dries easily with a smooth, matte finish.<br /><br />I thought, \\""Ok, this stuff is weak, so I'll just apply more.\\"" Surprise! You can't layer it! I tried applying it multiple ways--with fingers, brush, sponge, with primer, without primer--nothing worked. The paint is so runny that the first layer barely tinged my skin purple, and attempting to add more caused the paint to streak and clump, no matter how carefully it was applied. It seriously looked like I had smeared blueberries on my face.<br /><br />PROS<br />- Didn't stain anything (probably because it was too watery)<br />- Didn't stink<br />- Seriously, that's all it had going for it<br /><br />I brought this bootleg-level MEH-ron paint from Yagoozon; Amazon Prime fulfilled the order. I don't know if Mehron changed their formula in the last five years, but if they haven't, you'd do well to avoid putting this wet garbage juice on your face."
Did not work and most the balloons had holes
"I took forever to track shipping information, when I received it, I notice it was a stick-on and some of the sticker was peeling off. After the first initial wash (hand wash) most sides peeled off and was not usable after that."
It broke before I could even get it out of the plastic bag.
No cape
"Does not hold air ,  came with hole in it , and no patch kit , very dissapointed"
"I didn't pay attention to the size of the balloon, but the seller did not list that these were latex balloons. They do not hold helium very long, and were on the floor by the time my birthday party started. An embarrassment and waste of money."
Way too thin and tend to fall and reveal your hands.
Broke after a few minutes of use....very disappointed
Awful.
There was a hole in the one we got :-(
Very small!
It doesn't fly.....
"its plastic , not advertise correctly , when you say mat, mean something made out of fabric and thick not like a table clothes"
Was not what we expected at all.  Works alright but the lego looking part is just a sticker. And clearly not a Lego-made product.
Am very upset box was crushed and ripped especially since it was supposed to be for a gift and it item was Supposed to be new
Soooo disappointed with this!!! Had it for 1 day and the pin broke off the mocking jay. Super glued it back on and it was good for another 2 weeks before it broke again... I was so bummed. My husband broke a bigger pin and super glued it onto the mockingjay so I could wear it again... We'll see how long it lasts before it breaks... Again... And then I'll be trying to find one from somewhere else
The paddles work but the ball doesn't work at all. We use the paddles with a different ball.
"I bought 2 of these for my 7 month old and 21 month old because they had the best reviews on Amazon.  I hate to say it, but I didn't have a good experience with them.  My children were slipping out of them, so I tightened the straps, which then made them too tight and constricting up top.  Maybe I just didn't have a good experience.  Holding on to them since I waited too long to return and threw out the boxes already....hoping that we have better luck next season."
"would not recommend. it only worked for one day. also, it said buy one get one free- I only received one. it took forever to arrive!"
"Please change the picture to reflect the item sold. After we ordered the costume, my 4 year old asked 5 times a day every day to look at the picture. He was so excited to wear this costume. When it arrived with no beard or wig, he was heartbroken. Turns out the beard was the main draw for him."
"Made of plastic and the plastic knobs popped off the part that you screw into the drawer in less than a week.  Don't waste your money. Out of the 10 I bought 3 months ago only 3 still are holding up however, they are only for decoration and aren't actually on a drawer or being used for any purpose. I'm afraid if I touch them, they'll pop off too. Very cheap, and know I know why."
Not good enough
i think this toy would give my kid a complex. wierd
"Not the best board, slight tile causes the pieces to slip."
do not buy it again
"Too hard, actually impossible so we put it back in box and my hubby is a good puzzle builder. Sad that I won't have it to hang."
Very very unsatisfied with this product !!!! Not at all what iexpected from the description . Very cheap dollar store quality .I workstation have even bought from a dollar store. Made of plastic and cardbord . Waste of money !!!!!
When mygrandaon received it he was so excited but then when they tried to close the zipper on the backpack it would not close. The zipper was broken on the backpack. So he is only using the lunch box. That was just the first day he received it. Low quality product.  I had to order him a different Super Mario backpack.
"I bought these understanding they may be kind of cheap, but that was an understatement!  Not only are the sooooo small that they won't go even close to resting on the ears, but the &#34;lenses&#34; are a plastic film that doesn't stay on.  I would have had more fun with the money I spent on this product by flushing it down the toilet.  At least this way I could have watched the different George Washingtons race around in a circle and I could cheer on the winner.  The time it takes the toilet to flush is longer than the enjoyment I felt when opening this package.  I tried to even take something away from this product and placed them on my dog one sunny day when we were outside, but I had to quickly remove them as the other dogs started pointing and laughing due to how cheap it made us look, and I've been trying to console her ever since.  She is afraid to even go outside now for fear of further humiliation.  So not only are these glasses cheap and a waste of money, but they also will humiliate your animals.  For shame Dazzling Toys, for shame!"
CRAP! Don't waste your money!
Came from China and were poor quality.  Had a very strong chemical smell when I opened the package.  Will not be giving them to my grandson.
"The product is cheaply made. The pieces don't hold well together. They fall apart easily.  I really wanted to toss all the pieces in the garbage but I didn't want to disappoint my son.  I usually buy Lego, and after trying this product I will Only buy Lego."
The floats did not last and popped few hours after using they sent me two more and those lasted like 15 min the seats detached them selves I threw them all away and will probably now get charged for all four since they sent me two more and wanted me to returned them which was implossible since I was not gonna travel with pieces of popped floaties
I paid the extra money to get the bunch of balloons after reading the ratings and Intead got magic balloons. My packaging and balloons didn't look like the items listed and had a different name on them. Out of 100 balloons maybe 10 of them worked and stayed closed.
The batteries run in it but no bubbles come out. Plus the plastic top was cracked and broken when it came. It doesn't appear to be what is making it not work but who knows. All I know is my kid now has a broken toy.
Very poor construction<br />Led lights don't all work<br />Several switches for led light inop
"Garbage. Do not buy this item. The fuzz was coming out when I opened the package, Cookie Monster has bald spots on his feet and arm, plus the seams are unfinished. I have a hard time believing this is an authentic Sesame Street product."
not what I expected at all.  I saw one another kid had and said this was what she ordered.. it wasn't but it was a gift so no time to send back.. not worth the $$$$$. small and rough.
Not happy...received battery but battery is no good...dead as can be.
not good wasted half of the balloons
basically unusable.
Wouldn't buy is Harley Quinn figure. I bought it and went I open the box both arms were broke off before I got it out of the box.
"I had one of these as a kid so I was excited to get one for my kids and one as a gift.  Once I received it, it was clear this item is made with the lowest quality plastic and cord. While showing two 5 year olds how to use it, we zoomed back and forth but then the orange cord went through the handle, flew back and broke the skin on my arm!  Please don't waste your money or worse, have a child get injured. Do not buy!"
"ended up ripping on a seam on the blue bottom around where it was plastic stitched so I know it was a manufacture issue,  missed the open window of opportunity to replace it ripped 2 days after that.  it was sad I was looking forward to keeping this for seasons to come probably get a hard pool next time"
They r to small medium u would think they would b like 2&#34; x 4&#34; stickers they should b labeled small
"Misleading item made in India, Should have used it to look into future, way to small and quality lacking, lens were diffulcult to see through. Requested return label upon arrival and inspection."
"Swan arrived with a small hole that slowly leaked air. We tried to patch it and it lasted for about at day. The swam popped the day of the party and deflated in the pool. For the amount spent on this and the fact that it only lasted ONE day, I feel extremely ripped off. There were no notes that there was a small leak under the wing before this was purchased."
boring
"This thing was a disaster.  Flimsy cardboard, fell apart in a month.  My son was so excited to get it, and he was crushed when it came apart."
Too expensive.
A little disappointed
One of the corners broke and couldn't fit back in the second day.
"They smell. They are pretty thin. I haven't used them yet but, the strings look like they will break super easy because they are so thin. I wish I could have found some at wal-mart because I wanted better ones than these."
I hate it because I order this for my Father for his birthday. I typed a very beautiful note to go along with. I drove everyone's attention to him opening his gift. I said wait til he reads his card. THERE WAS NO CARD. How embarrassing .... I have always received cards for other gifts from the other places. What the hey.  Will never ever order from this place again. This was a game I used to play with by dad when I was young wonderful memories. Now upsetting memories... boo who
"Just crap, surprised it didn't electrocute my kids"
"Absolutely AWFUL!  Soooo cheap, yarn hanging out EVERYWHERE! No real form and doesn't sit right. Total waste of money!"
Not all of the balloons filled up and the topper would not attach properly attach to the faucet.
The first one arrived all moldy with some sort of white powder on the cards. The cards are also all stuck together. The replacement was the same way and I have to return it. Hopefully third time will be the charm because if the calendar was not damaged it would be awesome.
"The light saber is pretty fragile and broke right away. However, the kids did enjoy it while it lasted."
This item was ordered for my Grandson's Birthday under Kathy Cowan's name. I am Jan Whitley and I ordered this product early to make sure my grandson got it on time. He has talked and talked about a morphibian  rover. Well he opened it today. I put brand new batteries in it and it worked in the house for maybe 5 min. Since I ordered early I can't return it. I am very very disappointed in this product!!!!
Good game for grandkids
"one out of four did not work!  Wires are too short and no tech info.  All together returnable garbage as usual from neewer.Amazon should drop them as a seller, they are nothing but bad news. Every product i have ordered from them is trash. Quad frames, motors, ESCs , propellers etc. And AMAZON DEALS THIS TRASH TO T\VALUED CUSTOMERS!"
This pool lounge chair was impossible to put together and I returned it.
"Quality of the product is cheap cheap. Returned it prior to opening the package. Specs are nice, only with the quality of plastic was good."
"My son and I have had three Hobbyzone RC airplanes before this one that were well designed.  We bought the RTF model.  This airplane is poor. The front landing gear is fragile and will break as other reviewers have noted.  Ours broke on the second flight.  It is not an easy repair, I think the whole fuselage has to be disassembled to repair, have not been able to fix it yet.<br />The bottom line:  Don't buy this airplane."
Not a good buy!! The product is flimsy and breaks easily. I would not recommend this product to anyone. The seller gave me a hard time I asked them to replace my broken glow stick bad customer service.
"Well, I picked this up as a gift for my 3 1/2 year old son. I thought it was pretty cool, but here is his review:<br />Him - &#34;Papa, I don't like it.&#34;<br />Me - &#34;Really??&#34; (I'm totally incredulous now) &#34;Should I take it back?&#34;<br />Him - &#34;Yeah take it back. It's not very good&#34;<br />So there you have it."
$80? Are you kidding me? Savages.
Size medium was too small for an 8 year old.
Didn't work properly. Motor was broken.
It came in a crushed box with one part attached outside the box of the legos.  I'm afraid to open it for fear it might be unusable.  VERY disappointed !
"We loved the 1st version, but this one is too damn complicated to be any good. Swing and a miss on the creators. I know they were trying to create more depth to the game, but I feel like they did an injustice to the original.Seriously, our friends wanted to quit after 10 minutes and they play ALL of our ridiculous games."
"I ordered 4 of these rafts- 3 of them were fine, but one of them had a huge hole punctured in it and had obviously been used and returned by someone else! The card board rings were missing out of the cup holders , there was dirt all over it, and the tie together rope was missing ! I realized this as we opened them to float down the river and had to go purchase another tube from the store at the campground !"
They don't mention that this only works as an add on for an entire gym
"It's missing half the game. It wouldn't even let me post the first review (not sure why). We bought it for our Teen Area in a public library, and the kids can't even play the game. It's missing the bases for the pieces, the search cards, all 10 dice, and the scorepad. Pretty frustrated, and so are the kids."
We received a defective set of Ninja Turtles.  One of the turtles was missing and one of them was a duplicate.
We purchased this and we were very excited to put it out but it only worked for about 3weeks. Very disappointed.
"The Stroller is adorable and my daughter could not wait to play with it! However, the front axel rod was too long to fit and there was no customer support number anywhere to be called!"
"The whole point is to see the football in the dark right? However, it only lights up when it senses impact - i.e. at release, at catch, or during a good spiral (i.e. by someone old enough to throw it in a spiral every time). If it doesn't light up at the throw, you cannot see it to catch it. Which is the whole point - playing football at night. Great ball for kids (not hard etc.) but doesn't stay lit. Will keep looking, for something that lights up with a on/off switch if possible."
gARBAGE!
I would have paid $10.00 max for this non quality product!
"I am writing to share a serious matter of importance as it relates to one of your children’s costumes.  I refer to your Gone Mental children’s costume, with the description that reads, “He has crazy thoughts in his head. He's GONE MENTAL. This pullover tunic features faux vinyl straightjacket straps with buckles detailing, blood splatters, and mental ward screen print. You'd be crazy not to get one!”<br />My younger daughter, once an honor student, athlete and musician before her illness presented during the onset of adolescence, has lived with schizoaffective disorder for the past six years, and was hospitalized as a child.  We’ve taken her to UCLA and Stanford, as well as our local hospitals, hoping to make sense of her devastating illness.  If you have ever spent anytime visiting a loved one in a children’s/adolescent’s mental health treatment facility, I assure you, you would understand that this costume is painfully cruel.<br />Childhood suffering is not an appropriate inspiration for a Halloween costume.  And neither is adulthood suffering (note that you sell several other adult costumes that stigmatize and inappropriately portray the mentally ill).<br />Vampires are not real.  Mummies come-to-life, monsters and zombies are not real.  Cartoon characters, fairy princesses and action heroes are not real.  Those types of costumes are appropriate to sell for children for Halloween.  But childhood and adolescent mental illness  very real.  I doubt you would sell a Stage Four Cancer costume.  Why would you sell a costume that makes fun of a severe brain disorder?<br />Stigma only encourages hopelessness and despair.  Please reconsider stigmatizing our daughter’s very real illness by removing “Gone Mental” and other mental illness inspired costumes from your inventory."
THE ITEM WAS TOO SMALL AND HARD TO ASSEMBLE. IT WAS NOT WHAY I ANTICIPATED OR EXPECTED.
What I recieved is not a Lego product.  This is a crime.
This product was received in a timely manner but when I opened it and looked it over there was a mark on the Mickey Mouse face like a red marker or something but it was a fault in the design. So now it looks like Mickey has a red thing coming out of his nose.
"They sent a different pattern(which was also ok), not the one shown in the picture....Zip broke after couple of months into school - had to use another bag for rest of the year....Not a good choice"
This was nothing like I thought it would be.  After reading other reviews I expected it to be more than it was.  Very disappointed.
"AWFUL! I was so excited because of the reviews on this but I'm extremely disappointed. EVERY DAY (sometimes multiple times a day) I have to restick one or both suction cups back on the wall (up for over a week now). It doesn't matter if the surface is wet or dry, nothing works to keep it hanging for more than a day. Don't waste your money"
I was unable to inflate it since itt came with a hole.
"I would have returned it once I inflated it, but it wasn't accepted. POS won't stay inflated. Cot it up for the trash man."
The quality of this product is equivalent to something you would use on a birthday cake decoration. Within a few minutes the wheels fell off one of the cars and could pose a risk to a small child.
"It was awful.  The first one looked used with the left leg dangling from the pinata and the opening taped shut.  The replacement was a bit better.  We went to hang it up so the strings could be pulled and all the the strings fell off.  We then had to secure it for pounding by the bat.  It took over 30 blows before we were able to break it because it was not designed to be hit,  Finally, an adult gave it 2 big wacks and the kids descended on the goodies below.  They did not know how bad it was, but I sure did.  The box the original one came it was way too big and had brown paper (3 crumbled up pieces) to protect it in shipping."
None of the rubberbands worked. All the water leaked out before my sons could even play with them.
Messy toy that doesn't work. Returning.
Supposed to be low odor but still smelled terrible
These clubs are really cheap. The plastic is super hard and uncomfortable when catching. The stickers were poorly applied and the black edging tape is black electrical tape that was coming off. I'm a little suspect of the previous ratings.
"This was my second attempt to get this product. First one was really bad, the animal stickers were all wrinkled and just look awful!!!  This one the packaging was taped to the stickers in a few spots and ripped off parts of the stickers!!!  nice idea of a toy but looks horrible."
The material looks cheap and not true to size
So upset. Bought as a gift and the box was completely squished.
Bad quality in dresses and shoes.  Discarded them.  Came from international purchase.
"Purchased in June, only used once or twice and now is losing air, would not purchase it again."
"Not real looking. Not flexible. Colors not right.  Will be returning it.  And, for almost $25!  No way."
Horrible product. The bristles were broken on delivery. And the total length was only 33 inches and not 45 inches as advertised. It is basically a short bamboo pole with a bunch of sticks twist tied to it.
"This product was shipped in a plastic bag which caused the original shape of the mask to get distorted mostly in the mouth area. I had to place metal pieces inside of the mouth to bring it back and keep it in its original shape. The mask also has a really strong paint smell as if it had just been freshly spray painted and i couldn't wear it for longer than a few seconds because of how strong the smell was. I tried returning it and my refund was approved but I still had to pay for shipping so i decided not to waste any more money on it. The horse also doesn't seem to have a jaw or cheeks, its mostly just a very wide neck and then the mouth. The patch of hair on it is also coming off and I haven't even used it, it looks like it wasn't sown on with much care but i guess for the price of 10$ you cant expect much quality. Mask was very poorly made."
Leaks air.
Looks terrible! Donatello is tan not green like the rest of turtles. I would have returned but forgot and then it was too late. Became a very expensive sandbox toy.
not even one balloon sealed all garbage
battery and charger were defective.  too much troubling trying to send stuff back and forth.  would not recommend this item to anyone
Horrible out of the entire order only 2 actually sprayed water -- ther were returned and I had to give back money -- HORRIBLR Experience
These swimmers tear easily and are a danger to children. One tore off while my son was in the pool. Good thing i NEVER leave him unattended while in the pool. I just put him on the ladder safely.
Was only a few cards. Son was disappointed.  Be sure you know how many cards are in this pack before buying.
Really tiny. Would not go well with my costume this year I'm 5'9.
"Knife blade broke after 2 weeks, just pulled out of green covering, very cheap"
"The power analyzer was a dud upon arrival. None of the wattage, amp, or other power readouts work. Only the voltage readout works. The seller offered to replace the unit if I ship it back to China. It's not worth the cost of the additional shipping, nor do I have time to wait several weeks for the replacement."
"I spent an immense amount of time on this puzzle only to find that many pieces are missing. Also, I've found some areas that are shifted incorrectly and thus impossible to connect. I'm very disappointed that I wasted my time. Hopefully Ravensubrger will give me a refund or replacement, although I have no intention of re-starting this puzzle, or any other Ravensuburger puzzle."
I was extremely disappointed in this product. I bought two of them to go with  costumes for my nephews.  The string was so thin that it broke within ten minutes. The string also came out of the hole. All in all a waste of money.
Piece of crap. Didn't move smoothly. My son could care less about it. Looked cheap too
I usually don't like to leave bad reviews but this time it is well deserved! I ordered this product believing that I was getting what was shown in the picture and description! That wasn't the case! The product wasn't a exclusive Funko Pop: Vision from the Avengers 2 movie! I was the regular version! A Rule of thumb if you are going to advertise and describe a product on here... Be honest and tell actually what the product is! On a positive the product was delivered really fast and the condition was perfect! But next time just be honest and say what the product is!
Seriously? 450 dollars for a gun worth 30?
"This was worthless! The underside is hollow so the only inflated part is the crust. Got holes quickly, literally after not even a full day of use. The material isn't think enough. Too bad we tossed the box or this would surely have gone back."
Terribly difficult to clean. Broke after 2 months. I use it as a decoration now.
better to just pay the extra to get a name brand one. this one broke within 1 day.
"Poor design, battery pops up when scewing on cover. Not waterproof"
"bearing hardly spins. It has surface rust all over it, and if I take it out and spin it on a pencil or bearing too, it maybe spins once around, if that.  Pretty much useless as delivered.<br /><br />I got a replacement, and the 2nd one also has rust on the bearing, and the bearing is garbage.  If I could give this less stars I would. Fool me twice? Well, I'm taking a refund from this.  If you want a responsive metal yoyo under~$40, save your money and go get a Drifter instead."
Don't buy! The entire box of glow necklaces would not light up! I had a party full of sad kids!
Bad quality
Item broke after only a few uses.
Lasted 30min before ripping. Boys 2 and 3 yrs old .Dont waste your $$$
awful toy....broke after one hour of use..........dont  waste your money.
"These toys are most definitely fake! Lets take a look at the seller's' description of the item: &#34;The Style is Random,Maybe will repeat styles.Because We have lot of Style , so maybe you will get them not show in the picture .because they are loose , so maybe will have some scratch .hope you can understand .&#34; In case it wasn't obvious enough, this is some of the most broken english that I have read in a long while. In case that wasn't a warning sign then let me turn your attention to the picture of the product that's displayed on this page. That too is fake! You can pull up the same picture and hundred of others on google just by typing in &#34;littlest pet shop toys&#34;.  When I first recieved the package for my daughter she was elated to finally get her Littlest Pet Shops. Let me tell you; these where probably made in a Littlest Sweat Shop! When I opened up the package there were 2 tube sock esque things. Not the bag that was pictured in the product page  I opened one and out poured the shoddily made pets. I picked one up and examined it. The HASBRO toys logo was nowhere to be found on them. The paint job on these things is horrible. So bad that it might be considered an act of animal cruelty. The paint looks like it dripped down the body while it was drying and stayed that way. If that wasn't bad enough, the pets have Spongebob Squarepants disease! The seller did not mold the plastic correctly and as such the plastic hardened in between the legs, making it look like a square cube!  Another thing that I noticed was that you have to be very careful about touching these things. One small scuff of the nail easily chips away the dodgy paint job.  To quote the seller yet again, &#34;The Style is Random,Maybe will repeat styles.Because We have lot of Style&#34;.  They do indeed have &#34;lot of Style&#34; because in the two bags that I received where the SAME EXACT ITEMS IN THE OTHER BAG! I got two bags of the same thing!  The worst thing of all? The seller doesnot want to refund my purchase! He says he wants me to keep it and he'll give me back $15 dollars of the $35.98 I spent on this worthless pile of trash. DO NOT BE FOOLED BY THE OTHER REVIEWS! YOU ARE BETTER OFF NOT WASTING YOUR MONEY HERE LIKE I DID."
the chocolate does not come out of easy squeezer and my daughter was very disapointed that she could not make any chocolate
"Erasers were packed where parts were bent and easily broken. Also the parts did not fit together well, like the Iwako erasers.  However, Shipping and Returns were no issue at all."
We did not receive the EX or full art as promised in the description. I am returning since the item is not as described.
I thought they would actually be bigger than what was shipped. Cute Toys~ but smaller than I imagined for sandbox toys.
I got charged but never record my product and tried many times to call with no answer
I agree with the other buyer named Nikki . Not worth the money ! It`s a disposable toy! to think that you have to shuffle it everytime you play . I`m thinking to return it but I don't want pay the shipping fee back .
terrible details. the face specially.
Waste of money!!
"Awful product. All it is is a sheet of green felt and a large diameter poster tube. I would be fine with that if It actually did the job, but it DOES NOT. The puzzle pieces do not stay in place and you can feel them coming detached from each other and shifting as you roll. I only went up halfway and could feel the pieces moving so I unrolled the half I rolled and my daughter and I had to spend 15 minutes putting everything back in place."
"Bought this for my niece and nephew and they had problems with it.<br />Attached to a hose, the water pressure didn't seem high enough to wet the entire slide. They had ZERO use out of it."
The picture shown on the website when selecting and purchasing is different from what I have received - Olaf had a mouth closed but the plush I have has a partially opened mouth. It's ugly.
"I was searching for &#34;3 year old girl toys&#34; and this is what came up along with age appropriate items. This product should be removed! What if kids come across this?! Amazon, you are dropping the ball here."
This item is cheap but a waste of money. My advice is to just buy a more expensive one. When it shipped in I realized that there are 100 sheets of paper but only 2 have bens face on it.
Had a horrible experience with this...
"Well, the filled pretty well but do not break when thrown.  The children who played today all left bruised.  After about 5 minutes we just stomped them.  What a bummer."
No hollows or ex's
"Great product, s***ty seller."
Absurd price for a piece of plastic with holes in it.  I have bought my last littleBits product.
Thing and short
The truck broke the steering rod in the first 10 minutes of use.
It lasted about hour before it fell apart
gARBAGE!
"Do not buy... Junk... Just got mine today and thing is very poorly made. No screws for landing or guards , think there supposed to just clip on. Nope they don't stay. Charger is a European plug in. No on or off switch for copter. Missing a cover for a light. The only thing good about this is it will look good sitting in the corner."
Only received 1 microphone in my shipment instead of the 12. Very disappointed!
This was a terrible purchase. The ball leaked right out of the package. Couldn't even inflate it the first time.<br />Do not buy!!!!!
This is not same what shown in picture and what i received. The quality of product is very poor. No proper finishing. The paint over the characters are not properly done. Disappointed with the quality.
Horrible quality
"Truly awful toy. Horrible electronic noise which scares baby and the song sang unrecognizable language. Song not complete. Ends on &quot;duck&quot;, then repeats again same words about duck but the sound is (awful noise) reminding of frog..then it abruptly ends.<br />Absolutely awful buy.<br />Huge disappointment.<br />For the price could be so much better interpretation and quality!<br />WARNING: they don't accept returns (WHY???)"
"Well, our Max came with two left feet.  Literally.  And since you cant attach one of the left feet to the right leg because it doesn't fit, our Max looks a little more &#34;special&#34; than fierce.<br /><br />Which is unfortunate because problem #2 is that Max doesn't fit back in the box.  So Max (or Special Max, if yours comes like ours) gets to ornament a shelf in your home.  I'm sure there's no chance little kids will lose all of his tiny little pieces since they're unboxed, right?<br /><br />So we pulled Special Max from his bookshelf home to play on Family Night, and did our best not to joke too much about his unfortunate condition.  To play, there is a ladybug-lever at Max's base that you pull, which causes him to spin around and land on a &#34;random&#34; spot (parents and astute children will quickly find the pattern).  If there is a game piece there, it is removed from the game.  Pull Max's arms back up to reset him and you're on your way.<br /><br />Things were going well for about 8 minutes, until my 5yo pulled the ladybug-lever back and it broke, rendering the game useless.  So in less than 10 minutes of fun, Special Max became Decoration Max, and his bunny rabbit game pieces became Barbie's new pets while we played at the [[ASIN:B00T03U6AC Dreamhouse]] for the rest of Family Night."
So stupid.
We only received 6. Not a dozen:(
"One of the ballon came open and look like use, the other perfect,"
I returned these and never got my refund
I also purchased this bottle for my 6yr old and it cracked on the bottom within 2 weeks of infrequent use.
incomplette order
Completely fell apart in less than ten minutes. Pieces were flying everywhere and my child was broken hearted.
"This product bleeds.... if i touch my hair ,my hands are red. Please do not buy this product."
"Don't waste your money on this tiny tiny 4 by 4 inch puzzle, I should have looked farther,from now on I will actually go to a toy store where things are  not overpriced and undersized!"
"WHATEVER YOU DO...DONT GET THESE IN YOUR HAIR. My friend had a sleep over and one of the girls got some of these stuck in her hair, it took 7 hours to get them out. THESE ARE NOT SAFE FOR KIDS!!!"
Replica. Ugh. What crap!!!
My 8 yo son was so excited about this gun. It jams consistently - he can barely fire one dart  before it jams. We are returning it.
"I bought these for my sons birthday and when I got them, most of them had spilled into the packaging and ruined the labels on the bottles. When I got all the bottles out of the packaging I realize all the bottles had loose lids which had let the bubbles leak out."
"Didn't fit well, returned it"
Makes an irritating high pitched whine.  It broke on first use.   A waste of $.
Total waste of money
I purchased this slide for my grandson.  It was the most frustrating thing I have ever put together.  Took hours for 2-3 of us to put together...The holes don't line up and some bolts are not long enough.  I had to buy longer ones to put the last piece on.  He loves the slide but I would never buy another one of these
The wig was very small for a 5 year old the end of the braid was pressed in the package that it stuck out and would not lay straight.  The hair itself was not long enough at the top to stay in the braid.  Child and adult was Very disappointed.
"This target exclusive set of transformers is not great quality. I bought it for my sons birthday and returned it in favor of buying the transformers separately. These are cheaply made, difficult to transform, and will easily break."
Piece of junk. Some included bricks will fit into the holes/pegs of the mug and other included bricks will fit and are so loose just fall off of the mug.
"I am so incredibly disappointed in this purchase.  I have purchased balloons many times as I am a professional balloon artist.  Whenever I purchase balloons they come in bags of 100.  This comes in a bag of 10.  It is listed, but I didn't notice it.  I wasn't looking for it, because WHY ON EARTH WOULD ANYONE WANT JUST 10?  So receiving this bag was very upsetting to me.  I'm sending it back."
too small and hard to see
This did not come with any instructions. The online link enclosed for patterns and instructions was nonexistent.
Had to throw it away! Even with new batteries it wouldn't work!
It didn't provide quite the touch features I expected.  I returned the product
product didn't last more than 1.5 months before becoming unusable. the rope became completely slack with no tension.
Popped first use.
If only there was a water gun like that
Not a very exciting toy for my 5 yr. old grandson. It really does not glide anywhere and he lost interest withing a few minutes.
Terribly made. Can't read the writing on it !!
"Hard to rotate pieces, one of the stickers damaged beyond repair, would NOT buy this cheap product."
The image on the box is hideously RACIST.  The garb and head dress are completely wrong for the Aztecs or Mayans.  It is an insult and teaches children the improper icons for history.
Very poor quality. Not even worth the effort to return it. Thin plastic child's toy.
"They don't come knotted as shown, FYI. Just cheap beads."
"Tiny tube, large dust particles."
"Smells really bad. When I wiped it out with a damp cloth, the color bled. Really cheap made."
"When this item arrived it did not have the plug that holds the money in.  There was no way the seller could have noticed this as the package was intact and secure.  However, I had a very disappointed 3 year old as the bank is of no value. On the bright side the bank is lovely."
The paint on the eyebrow and mustache is scratched.  The eye holes are not perfectly cut out.<br />It was received with the right cheek smashed.
"Fuzzy, faded, very poor quality. Do not buy!"
Fell apart in days.  Broke my sons heart.
This game is in Spanish.  It does not state that it's in Spanish on the description.  Too expensive to send back to London! What a waste.
"THIS PHONE DOESNT NOT EVEN WORK,<br />I CHARGED IT FOR 60 MINS BEFORE USE AND IT HAVENT TURN ON YET"
"This was a full 5 minutes of fun and that's all I can say. This board quickly falls apart, the markers dry up or easily get lost. There are many creative toys out there, just keep browsing."
Flew one time .propes would not stay on disappointed
The tent fabric rips very easily and it was ripped about 10 minutes after our daughter opened it.
"Bettas are carnivorous fish, meaning they dot eat plants. They also are tropical, coming from rice paddies in Thailand. So, they need a water heater. They also require at least 2.5 gallons of free swimming space, due to having &#34;brethrin&#34; in the large rice paddies. This is basically a death trap for a betta, or most likely any other fish. DO NOT BUY!"
Dies not work
We received 3 of the same unknow character. Not very happy
"IF YOUR KIDS HAVE LONG HAIR, DO NOT BUY THESE!  Both my daughters were having &#34;Bunchems wars&#34; and I had to cut their hair to get these out.  They are like little balls with fish hooks on the ends!  They are in the garbage."
What!?!? Eighty bucks for this thing?
My kid with sensitive skin broke out in a rash.
Or you could buy the two items individually for (as of this writing) $7.71 for the plush and $19.10 for the copter set and not get robbed.
I found the directions very difficult to follow. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
Pieces were warped.  I sent it back.
I am not satisfied at all with this product.  Bought it for my grandson's 3rd birthday.  We aired up the tires to the correct pressure and when we walked away we heard two loud pops!  Both tires busted.  When bought the replacement tubes that was recommended the tires rub and he is unable to ride the trike.  Also all of the metal has rusted in just a few short months!
Not happy at all. Does absolutely nothing to protect the phone. Cosmetic purposes only.
'The dress is beautiful.  The veil fell apart as soon as I took it out of the package.
Truly disappointing<br />I ordered this for my 8 year old who has been begging for it for several months. When i gave it to her she was excited but after a few hours it kept shutting down. We had to keep opening up the battery compartment and resetting it every day. After 3 days of doing that she and i got sick of it and just put it aside. She has not tried to play with it since then. A total waste of money!
Product was not functional on arrival. I replaced batteries and it still did not work.
Didn't fit leap pad.
"Not sure if this is a review on the actual product, but the picture shows a different smock, with 3 pockets on the front, and I received (2) 24+ Months sized smocks with no pockets. They are for small children. Wrong item, falsely advertised."
My 2.5 month old grabbed the sock rattle and it tore off.... Clearly poorly made.
Did not work at all as described.  We ended up with 50 kids waiting for water balloons and all we got was a cooler full of water and flat balloons.  Will not recommend or order again.
"What.a disappointing product!  The instructions were pretty bad. Nothing like Lego.  My four year old who helps with Lego brand couldn't help with these instructions.  That aside it was missing a part of the roof and the man's leg falls off continuously.  My son just wants to put the man in side with the boxes and you have to take the whole top off to do so.  These blocks have many deflects and they were difficult to snap together- also the construction isn't thought through as I am used to with Lego brand.  So while assembling, often other parts are falling off.  One star because it is still played with but never would I buy this brand again."
Extremely small item
"it is exactly like the picture, 10 squares (not single line beads as I thought) Not a product for me. Quality is great."
Cute but not as vibrant as the picture shows. I bought it to match my grand daughters back pack. The one I was mailed is a pale pink (faded looking) it does not match.
"Not only the pieces are pretty small, but also, my son had his heart set on the pack that contains the Gorgosaurus in it. Well, they sent the one without it. Since you can't choose here from the options, even if you order two you may get the same set without the one you want! I can't reorder because I may get the same set! Anyway. My 6 yr. old son was very disappointed. IMHO, these type of non-optional sets should be picked up in store vs. ordered through mail unless you don't mind what specific items you get. Caveat Emptor!"
You did not know which item was going to be shipped when you ordered it and it was not really clear that each order only included one of the four items
"Opened the first 5&#34; test tube touchable bubbles and the bubbles popped like ordinary bubbles.<br />Needless to say, we were very disappointed.  Looking carefully at the label it was made in<br />China.  The ones that worked best were from Japan.  We will be asking for a refund."
Received this and it looks nothing like the picture. It is smooshed and misshapen and just down right ugly.
"I should have heeded the warnings from other customers who received dented lamps. I ordered two, and each had at least five dents in them. The shades are very thin/fragile, almost paper-like. I don't think it will help to order replacements. They're getting returned."
"I had to wait to give this to my grandchildren when they came to visit, had to by an air pump, then when I got it all blown up it had holes in the seems I  tried to return it but it has been past the 30 days. It isn't Amazon, it was the company, I also bought an inflatable mattress from them that didn't last long at all. the seems broke and I had a big bubble bed. that could be slept on as the bubble was right in the middle. Intex has bad quality products. I tried to contact the company but never heard back."
"This SUCKS do not buy. I have been doing magic for a while and I got this today looked fine opened it once for practice and it was broken, they will not refund, DO NOT BUY!!!!"
"Very disappointed! This picture misleaded me about its actual size. This is a very poor and super tiny paper cut product.  Believe me, when I say super tiny, it is as small as an US Quarter after you assemble it.  The seller should indicate its actual dimensions and material.  The scale 1/150 description is just too vague!  I wouldn't have bought it if I knew its this small and made by paper...  Not a good product at all."
This device started out great but recently I noticed a portion of the screen is not responding to touch. Don't know what to do. I really don't want to return it.
"It's one of my worst nightmares to have a toy my child loves but can't work himself.  I literally lost days of my life to this toy as my son tried and failed again and again to transform it properly.  I don't know why the design is so flawed, but I would recommend just about any other transformer to this one.  Truly a frustrating experience."
"2 of 5 lights didn't work...another 21$ to buy batteries. Go to fill them...another 6$. Within an hour, with temp at 80 f, balloons wouldn't float w helium. I was pissed from the chores and money wasted."
Waste of money.no box.not as pictured.looks lame.
"Im very disappointed in the product! The legs and attachments only snap in, they are not screwed in. The table top spinner only sits on a piece of raised plastic, it doesn't even snap in! It's a matter of days before the pieces go missing with a toddler. The legs are not sturdy and does not offer a sturdy base. If I had not already assembled the table I would return it back.<br /><br />(The only assembly requiring screws is the handle for the caurosel and the two sides of the tunnel)"
Bad. One eye doesn't lite up and motion sensor is not working consistently. Not good. Waste of money.
"The description of the item clearly said MATERIAL: GLASS. Once the order was placed i checked my confirmation and the title changed to say acrylic dragonballs. Acrylic is not glass, That is false advertising and that is illegal."
Absolutely terrible. The product was broken upon shipment.
it doesn't look like the picture. fake.
This keychain was a gift for my granddaughter who is eleven.  The sticker was stuck right on the fur instead of plastic wrap. The chain and key ring were cheap and one of the eyes came off with minimal use.  Only had the keychain less than a week.  Definitely not worth the money!!  Looks like a carnival trinket.
"Disappointed in how weak the attachment of this bracelet is. The charms attach well, the bracelet to remain on your kids arm, not so much. We have had this one day and my son was putting on his backpack and it came off. Debating returning it, wife may not let me and the price vs shipping ay be ineffective"
"When I received this, the face was broken on one of the clocks.  I returned it to the seller and they sent me another one.  The second was no better.  One clock functioned ok, but the other would not keep time properly and would not start running properly when the button was pressed down.  This looks nice in the pictures, but if you want something that functions properly go with a digital clock."
"Piece of junk, wasted money,if you hit the rim with the ball it would fall over.kids couldn't,t enjoy  it."
Does NOT fit standard sized dolls as some have said. Waaaaaaay small. I went and purchased newborn sized cloth diaper covers that are made for real newborn infants and those fit perfect for dolls!!
Total crap.Did not work!
Cheap chinese made. Rotten wires inside that were disconnected after the first fall.<br />It worked exactly 20 minutes after I opened it. Garbage .
"I ordered this for my husband and I gave it to him for his birthday and it has never worked, we have ordered more batteries, we have charged them we have done everything we can think of and it still will not work."
"The Cloud Pet is very misleading. My husband and I have  Droid Phones and the App is not compatible with them. It is unfortunate as my husband travels a lot for work and was looking forward to sending messages to our 6 year old daughter. Our son has an i phone and the App is compatible with it. But as it turns out, it does not not allow you to send messages from far away like it leads you to believe on the commercial."
"i ordered this gift for my kids to play with them but after a few days of them playing with it, one of anna's hair piggy tails fall off."
I didn't realize how beaten up it was
Pieces were so small and flimsy hard for toddler to get pieces in and out
"Totally sucks, gave it several months try. Needs longer life"
"There are no instructions on the box for ensambling, in most parts it is severly mistreated."
Broke the first time my daughter put it on
these are 45.00 from the factory and 20.00 for the knock offs.
"Okay so let me start by saying, my son and I love paw paw patrol.., okay, but this toy here he priced way to high I bought it being stupid.... It only says phrases it should at least have other options especially for that price, it's jus a stupid toy , I'm going to put it up with my sons collection though because I don't want my money to go to waste!!! Parents please don't buy this... It's a waste of money!!!"
Horrible too small for 3 year old! Returned.
There was a split in one of the seams.
These are horrible. Do not buy them. The dye that they used to make them colorful bled on my hands and they broke so easily. I do not recommend these. Especially in a classroom. I had to replace about 8 or 9 a day that broke.
When you crank the wheel the entire structure shakes causing the marbles to fall or stop rolling.  The conveyor belt is poorly designed and does not drop the marbles back into the structure unless you crank the wheel extremely fast which causes the entire structure to shake and break.  The instruction manual makes Ikea manuals look easy to follow.
Does really work. Don't buy
"Item is not as pictured, and much smaller than stated. Not sure if the description is wrong, or if the wrong item was sent as the patch was sent alone with no packaging whatsoever. I got a flimsy, tiny patch and the red embroidery is not outlined in black like shown."
"Like others have expressed, this is not a quality product. Think Dollar Store. It would make a nice decoration in a kid's room, but I wouldn't let thrm play with it. There are bits of flaking glue everywhere. We were missing a wheel (see photo). And it looks like others could fall off at any second. It's also smaller than I expected, and the box looked rough when it arrived. I had planned to give it as a gift but now my 7 year old is playing with it."
Not happy with this product. The tape would not rip and it was just not easy to use and flimsy.
$14 for a twelve inch circle... Not worth it picture shows other tracks
This is the WORST product ever! It was fun at the time but messy at the end. It's super  slippery and super dangerous! I used 20 towels and 4 bath mats for this mess! It can get in your areas and it's hard to get off! It made me slip and fall and twist my  ankle And I'm in a boot for 5 weeks! You should never by this for you kids it also stains your bathtub! The devolving  powder dose NOT work it was a waist of time and didn't even work that well! It's a waist of time and money don't get it it will ruin your bathroom and can make you get hurt it's not fun!
Not happy with these at all. The paint doesn't come off and if you use more water it just puts a hole in the paper.
Not worth it!
"the product was not sealed the 7 figures that were in the bag were all around the box.  it clearly states 25 miniature figures, and i only have 7! this is a big disappointment."
"Boat worked for one day, hasn't worked since. Very fragile"
what is in the bucket? how many of what parts
hard to assemble
"First tumbler arrived and everything worked fine for about 8 hours - then the piston stopped turning, though the motor was still running.  Could not get it to work.  Amazon promptly sent a replacement, which arrived today and this one does not work right out of the box.  Runs for about 2 minutes then the barrel starts jumping all over and the machine seems to get stuck.  Also noted that on both machines only 1 of the pistons actually turned when the motor was on.  The other always remained stationary?  Not sure I am willing to give this brand another try.......I have to get something since I now have all of the grit and filler supplies as well as pounds of rocks to tumble.  What a disappointment!! Would not recommend."
Broke the minute it was unpacked
"Chinese fake. Comes without box, manual, etc. And breaks in one minute. Crap!"
Would give zero stars if I could.  The cube came with a tear on one side.  The tear is nearly 6 inches long and just can't be patched.  I wish I would have returned for a refund but the kids were so excited when it finally got here that they just made the best out of it.  Can't climb in it or on it like the pictures because of the deflated side but the kids are making the best out it.
"Quality is terrible on these.  I was expecting a fit and finish as good or better than Funko's POP! Line of figures, but instead got something that looks like it was painted by a careless high-schooler. Very disappointing."
Extremely small
"Initially my son really liked this Kendama.  But now, after a few uses, the plastic rubber rings keep falling out, so my son is disappointed in this Kendama.  He doesn't really use it any more because of this."
Not worth the 10 dollars i spemt not gold plated just plastic that will chip off the first time you touch it.
Im sure if i would have received my locker it would have worked as expected.  But since i never got it i will just slam it.
The package I received only had 3 fans in it. I am supposed to have 18!!!!! The wedding I bought these for is in less than 2 weeks and I'm totay screwed now. VERY UNHAPPY!!!!!!!!!!
Item broke right away. NOT HAPPY!
Junk!
didnt get all the ones in the picture pretty much andom and got a dupplicate
She looks like a football player. I've never seen a real girl who looks like this .She doesn't have the natural curves that real females have. Some of Ken's clothes fit her.  Her head is too small. She looks more like a guy than a girl. She needs at least a little glam. There's nothing wrong with liking glam unless it's overdone. I prefer ribbons and lace and the right amount of make-up.
Didn't receive.  Package arrived with contents missing- bag was torn.
No need for the blinking lights. Really a bad creative decision for design. Almost a good product ... unfortunate
One of the jousting sticks came deflated. Very disappointed by this.
Very poorly made. Im glad I ordered extra because so many fell apart.
"I purchased a New item, DID NOT receive a new item.  Parts are missing. Very unhappy."
recieved broken never worked once and was ignored me for a ~onth or actually havent heard a tthing<br />to this day
"The costume was a good fit for my grandson (except the length of the legs) but the 2nd time he wore it, the material stressed all across the back and ripped.  Very disappointed.  Julie Lizardi"
not good
I ordered 3 packs of these balloons and they were horrible. All of them deflated and water came out. I would NOT recommend to anyone. I had bought a different brand and they were great.
it's not working. there is no N. S<br />just same.
"These are as cheap as they get, would never buy again. One of the threads was incorrect and cross threaded my motor shaft. When you tighten the props they feel like they're going to shatter into pieces."
"Mine came covered by glue and dust, package opened and fingerprinted glue marks. Also box was already opened and no labels. Not so satisfied so far, waiting for replacement."
"Damaged, stapled together, water damage.  Smells like smoke.  May have been in fire, who knows.  Appears used in poor condition."
"Puzzle was missing one piece. Must have been the factories' mistake, the box was still factory sealed."
Paint runs on letters
Not as described these aren't navy ny any means
Terrible!  It is flimsy and the wire already came out after 3 days of having it<br />Would not recommend. This is a waste of money.
"Wow, this was pretty cheap even in dollar store toys.  The screen is just buttons you push it's not like a tablet or anything like that.  Very simple.  Some of buttons didn't even work.  My son still played with it for about 5 minutes then said this is dumb and walked away :("
Missing several pieces!  This is so frustrating I bought this for my grandson and I opened the packages and placed them in a tray and I helped put this together and some vital pieces were missing!
"The sizing is much smaller than indicated, and the fabric is a horribly uncomfortable synthetic that feels terrible."
Not one thing sprouted. Nothing.
The parts aren't clear they are for a 360 not xbox one this in lies the problem
Marbles are extremely small.
"This was not ,a new item....... I paid for a new unopened item.  DID NOT recieve a New item."
"For the first few runs, the boat seemed great.  However after the 3rd, and 4th runs - it wouldn't drive, or was completely uncontrollable. While out the water, we watched the propellers fail to spin.  Unfortunately this was more than 30 days after purchase, so we couldn't return to Amazon."
"I bought this tractor for my grandson's 3rd birthday and he will probably be graduating from college before I ever get it put together!  The assembly instructions are without text, very poorly illustrated and just plain don't work.  I have never seen anything like this.  What a mess!  For the $ I paid, I don't expect to be my own manufacturer.  What a cheap piece of junk!  There is no real help online from this company, either.  There is no reason that I can see for this toy to have been shipped unassembled.  It is just as big in pieces as it would be put together.  I will never spend my hard earned money on another product from this company!"
the pieces were broken all up. and the package was already opened.
According to my son......&#34;These aren't the good ones - you got the cheap ones.  They don't work as good.&#34;  But I did get a good price
Disks are too light and don't fly.  Total waste of money. Would not recommend this product.
"First off, MP-10 is a solid figure and deserves 5 out of 5.<br /><br />This review is for the wrong edition listed.  I placed this order on 8/24/15, sold by Downtown Games and fulfilled by Amazon.  What I received is the 2015 Asia Re-issue.<br /><br />The 2012 model shown on this page is produced by Hasbro exclusively for Toysrus and deserves this price (you can see the round silver TRU sticker on the bottom corner of the box).<br /><br />The 2015 Asia Re-issue, though also produced by Hasbro, is made in Vietnam and can be found for much cheaper elsewhere."
Was not the right doll
"They were much much smaller thank expected, not adult size as stated."
The toy came in a white bag tape and the box was folded up and ripped
"What the heck! I bought this thinking I was getting a full size lambo to show off to my friends. When I saw the price, I thought the price was too good to be true. I guess it was. I guess I could pull up to the club in this but no one else can fit in it, so that is why I gave this 2 stars. I guess two small people might be able to fit in this."
Don't buy this you won't get it all
"zipper broke after 3rd use. very cheap. My son loved it, but it didn't hold up at all. zipper is cheap plastic comes apart when trying to zip together."
This product should be bought with the idea that you will get a few uses out of it.  Its made very cheaply and started to leak with only two times in the pool
Did not stay sealed and deflated super fast. Only a couple in the bunch held air
Low quality
material felt like cardboard..wore it just for show since we passed the return deadline...was a little big for a 15 month old also..
The heading implies these are the large marbles you shoot little marbles with. Not the case these are small marbles
one piece was broken already when the box was opened...
It has a leak and threw all packing away so no way to return. Just put away in garage was a waste
Says &#34;3 assorted styles&#34; and yet its only one puzzle...
Arrived broken never was able to use it :(
"I got this for my sons birthday and after putting it together I found that the wheels don't roll, so this is basically a sit on without moving toy. I wouldn't recommend this as you would expect it to roll around."
didn't work
"My 5 yr- old does not even remotely have the strength to operate this. It is even quite a challenge for mom. You have to whack it full force to get the ball to discharge, and then your hand hurts. There is no way that this toy was actually tested by kids at any point."
This needs to be moved not appropriate for girls toys
It was really small but it did arrive very quickly
"I purchased the current baseball and football games. The baseball game had all the teams using their 2014 stats. This football game does not come with the current teams. Instead, it ships with five past teens, and not even the full team either. However, it does include a coupon for five current teams.<br /><br />Why advertise that this is the current version that ships with all the teams in full when it does not? I feel cheated for the price I paid to get this incomplete set. I bought this to update from an old version I have from years ago. They should really make it clear that this is not a complete current set."
The product is OK. Late arrival of product was disappointing.
"Not stable at all. I stood on it and could feel it give in the middle. I'm not a large person. I went to fold it up and it came apart. It did go back together, but doesn't feel as substantial as another folding step stool I have"
"&#34;What you see in Add is not what you get&#34;- Be Careful...!!!  Product: EDU49666 1:48 Eduard Color PE - H-34 Choctaw Cargo Seat belts is Excellent, but on display is the Cockpit PE. No Picture of Cargo Seat Belts. I ordered this because of Cockpit PE and Thought I was going to get these also. Not So.. Very Disappointed... Don't waste Your Money."
I won't stay on my ears.  Shipping was almost as much as the earring and now I have to pay to ship them back.  Very frustrated.
Does not squirt... Just floats.
I agree with the above reviews.  We have had this camper for a few years and my girls are still playing with it but it falls apart constantly.  They are always calling me to come and put it back together.<br />A new version has just come out recently but I'm waiting to see the reviews before I buy it.  It's expensive at $89.99.
Battery last about 5 minutes
Arrived with no battery charger and would not bind with my transmitter.  Worthless.
"Awful product.  Item was described as Paw Patrol Birthday Suckers.  What arrived were 8 small cheap suckers (like I could buy at a Dollar Tree all eight for a buck) with stickers slappen on.  They weren't even cut out evenly and many were already coming off the plastic once it arrived.  Also, no padding so they came broken.  Junk..had to throw away.  Would never buy from this seller again."
The front of the bag started ripping off had to super glue it back and still didn't work
"Leaving a one star only because we had to leave a star. The latch on this lunch box came off suddenly on the first day of school while we were dropping her off in the morning. I personally opened the box to get her afternoon snack out to put it where the teacher instructed, and when I went to latch the box back up... The latch was no where to be found. It had fallen off and was layout my on the floor. Tried to get it back on while there but could not. I'm sure if we had taken it home and used some tools on it we could have gotten it to go back on... But it fell off... The first day... We little strain being placed on it... Shouldn't have to need tools to fix it... So anyway, we let the teacher know it was broke so she could help our daughter with it if needed. Then the next two days we found a pretty ribbon to tie around it until we could replace it.... And then yesterday! ... After school.. I was fixing her lunch for today and the handle came off... Again. With little strain being placed on it.... Just not good quality. Could understand if we had been banging it around, shaking it, and hitting the ground with it, lol... But definitely won't be buying lunch boxes any more. Will be sticking with lunch bags."
Dissatisfied with this purchase.  Items extremely small.  No dolls available for purchase to fit items.
Flew for about ten minutes. Made a soft landing and now it will not fly. Have had many others and never had this issue. Very disappointed.
"Well I got a bad one, about two flights the copter land on the floor and then continues to go crazy and good luck turning it off when when blades are in full motion.  Waste of money, doesn't work and I'm a big RC guy!"
Really disappointed in the quality of this doll. My 3.5 year old was excited to receive this doll as a reward and when she opened the box the first thing she said was &#34;where is her cape?&#34; There is no cape.  The entire top half of the outfit is pained on to the doll so there is no playing dress up with taking off and putting on the dress.  The hair is not in a braid like the Elsa character in a movie so basically its a blonde barbie with a plastic snowman. My daughter is thankful and plays with her doll nevertheless.
"I'm very disappointed in this purchase. I had already let my son start playing with it when I noticed small pin holes right off the bat or I would have returned it. The material is poor quality, Very flimsy and hurts to crawl through. I'm glad my sister had one from 10 years ago (my nephews) and still in much greater shape than this new one. Don't recommend wasting your money."
"Filled with air, put in pool and it bubbled like crazy from a hole. I can't get to the hole to patch. Fido was never able to use, too bad it's a good idea with the design. But somehow should be able to patch. Ended up ordering him a raft boat, he loves it and it was half price."
Much smaller than picture shows
It's probably great and would have been perfect but the packaging was damaged and I've been too busy to process an exchange.
"These were awful and completely unusable. The elastic was super thin, flimsy, and sized to only fit an infant's head. Even when I replace the elastic, I still couldn't use the eye-patch because the plastic part was so small it didn't cover the eye well. I wish I could have returned this product instead of just throwing it away."
Terrible product. DOA
Broke within a day.
"Very, very cheaply made. Came with a bent axel (or what I would equate to an axel on a car) and a broken connector wire to the battery pack. Despite this I fixed the wire and tried to run it and it has a 2 second lag between when you move the controls and when the truck moves, even at 2 feet away. Also not powerful at all. I love many products made in China and I work for a company who manufactures in China but I would call this a very &#34;Chinese&#34; toy. Meaning it came from a factory that cheapened everything to get cost down yet it is still as much as a quality version. I got another at Toys R Us made by New Bright RC for $20 more and it runs fantastic. Worth the extra money if you want the biggest scale."
Cheap.. Horrible product. The blue polls won't stay in the brackets. The net won't fit across the pool.
Extremely small.
The suckers were all broken when they arrived.
"Very cute key covers. Unfortunately, they didn't fit our house keys. They were snug fitting, which we THOUGHT was a good thing. Only to find out 2 days later the key covers (both) had split. I wouldn't have even noticed if my husband hadn't noticed it first. It might work for smaller keys though."
"Oh god this thing feels absolutely horrible. I guess it's sewn together well, but the sound it makes when you touch the thing hurts my teeth, it's in no way a soft drawstring bag. If it wasn't 9 bucks I would send it back but whatever."
I ordered one and it was broken/defective so I returned it and ordered a replacement.  The second one was even worse!!  I would highly recommend NOT purchasing this product.
I wish you could leave no stars!  The powders don't mix and the vanilla base turns the sodas into slime. Very nasty!
No good. Be heavy
"Cool concept, I even saw this exact dinosaur in a fancy catalog so I thought it would be awesome.  We've had two of these dinosaurs - The first one had the tail and arms break off within an hour, same with the second one then its eyes popped off too.  Kind of disturbing!  Also sometimes it doesn't stop growling - terrifying for little kids.  I had to put it outside until it stopped an hour later!"
"Broken, the little wires that connect it came apart.  He was very cute while he lasted, unfortunately he did not last long.  RIP little dancing monkey."
The information says that &#34;now you can rotate the board.&#34;  That is why I purchased this one for $27.97 instead of a tile lock version that was $12.01.  This board does not rotate.  Nope!  Would send back but it is for a person that is 91 and she wanted to play!  Ripped off and frustrated.
"I thought it,was a good size box of legos.  I felt bad giving,my grandson this small box"
It fell apart in the box before I was able to open it. There was a cheap plasic &#34;broom handle&#34; two broken ties and a bunch of sticks inside the delivery box. I do not recommend.
They come apart if you try and move them from the position shown. Very disappointed.
[[ASIN:B0087OBGGI Pumponator Launcher]]<br /><br />The yellow stretch bands came apart and snapped one of my girls while she was holding the launcher for another girl to launch the balloon. The balloons got stuck in the pouch.  We rendered it useless.<br /><br />My fault for not paying attention to the return policy and sending it back in time.<br /><br />Don't recommend.
DON'T waste your money! Bought two pens. One didn't work at all. The other barely gave off the slightest tingle. Complete junk! Surprised Amazon carries the product? Not worth the time and hassle to return them. The only gag with these pens is on me for buying them!
Does not appear to be working!
"Came DOA, wouldn't light at all- no problem getting refund, but  there should be better quality control. Also the way the batteries (NOT INCLUDED)  install is pretty weird, and there's no indication in which direction the go into the unit, just in the instructions.<br />Maybe buy a better real flashlight for the same price or less."
Never grew!
Garbage. The eyes are painted crooked on both masked faces and the neck peg broke after taking it out of the box. Returning this for sure. Spend the extra for the figuarts batman. The cape gets the one star.
I'm going to be straightforward with this review and say that this is the worst thing I bought from Amazon. The the quality of the Rings are bad they look nothing like the ones in the anime
I ordered this product on 8/9/15 and received it on 8/25/15. I thought the wait was worth it but when I examined the action figure I found out that the product was defective. One of the wings connector is broken and the right leg does not stay put in its socket that a slight movement it came off. I communicated with Amazon regarding the intent to return due to its defectiveness and when I received the sellers return authorization I was told that I have to pay for the cost of return.
"Cheap rubbish, blades are brittle and break easy, Center shaft lugs (which fit into the blades) broke off on the first flight, only the linkages and gears were usable. Do not buy!!"
horrible quality
The idea was not so bad but the product was not easy to enjoy or use. I wish that it was faster or more efficient. I used 1 pack of the balloons and maybe made only 20 water balloons out of that Tie-Not Pack. It was just too slow for what we needed.
Arrived completely broken in the box. Very sad kid.
Very disappointed 10 out of 12 were broken and I had to glue them back onto their bases.
"Made in China. How about making it in the USA and Kickstarting our economy by employing Americans instead of Exploding your pockets and bottom line. Box is a pain in the kitten to open, should include more cards, should be packaged like a regular card game as there is nothing special included to justify a hard to open box."
This is a piece of junk. One of the rotors stopped rotating after two flights without any crash. Got a replacement unit and the same thing happened agaib only after one flight. It never managed to stay level during the few flights i had with it. There are much better quadcopters out there.
"It didn't fit either one of my nephews, which i had gotten for their birthdays. They were enormous"
"These cards are misleading as they contain zero facts about Florida's oldest city.  They are very poor quality with the same repeating image for each card.  They stick together and are very stiff.  Although the description claims these cards contain fascinating facts, they simply do not.  Definitely does not meet expectations."
"This lasted less than 24 hours and being played with 3-4 times.  Also, the doors are very loose and breakable-feeling.<br /><br />In contrast, Darda cars from 4 years ago lasted at least 4 years.  Darda cars from decades ago lasted a long time.<br /><br />Dear Darda, please get a clue and make these new cars not suck.  I will not be buying another."
Looked good but it was so thin and crap that it ripped in four places! Im thouroughly disappointed. And honestly thinking about shopping on amazon at all. Lately we have gotten the wrong items and the right ones are garbage!
"Very bad product, the figures dont stand up."
misleading  too small for the price.
It was out of cheep material an it broke the following week...
Cheap- broke almost immediately.
The blower went on fire after 1 hour do not buy this at all
It's a big mess
The quality was less than poor. Every time I would blow up 1 section the other would pop open and deflate.  It is not usable and I wish I can return it.
The seat came detached by the second use.
"I really don't know what this thing is supposed to do, I thought it did something but evidently it's just a crazy thing in an egg."
"The light saber is crap, it doesn't stay closed. The metal clips don't stay in place and the hood is small. Count Dooku is hard to find so we picked this but it's over priced and not very well made for what it is."
For the 10x there is a 3 inch focus. On the 25x you literally have to hold it up to the glass on the magnifier. CR@P Worthless dollar store rip offs.
broke the first time my kids and I used it
1 week later it stopped working
"[[VIDEOID:37e80f6b33b452d606f3d15fa7b2af85]] Highlights of my Video Review:<br /><br />1.  Watch my video to see how thoroughly it abuses bugs.<br />2.  Does not work well - everything is just gimmicky.  Great in theory, fail in practice.<br />3.  There may be some bugs that it works well with...but not the ones I've tested.  Anything with legs that hold onto things, it can't pick up, anything large like a cricket - it can't pick up.<br /><br />Definitely do NOT recommend.  Which is really sad because I really wanted to like this thing.  At the very least, I imagined that I could use it to safely transport bugs out of the house - but no.  It's a fail.<br /><br />If there are any questions, please feel free to leave me comments below and I will do my best to answer them."
too small
"I was unable to find the option to upload a photo of the damage.<br /> My daughter received this outfit for her doll as a gift, and after wearing it for one day, the doll is permanently stained. The entire upper body and the arms that the shirt covered are now stained navy blue. I've tried every stain remover that I have around the house . Nothing has worked so far. I'm going to have to order some Remove-Zit. If that doesn't work, the doll is ruined. It looks terrible.<br />Don't buy this product"
The Tamiya to banana connector wat in good condidtion but the Tamiya connector was not a male Tamiya.. Very Disappointed!
Very poor quality - I'd expect better quality from a &#34;dollar store&#34;. The board itself is very dark - nothing like the photo. It is hard to distinguish between black and &#34;white&#34; squares. It really distracts from the game.<br /><br />The white checkers have inconsistent colors - much more different than expected due to variations in wood grain. It looks like staining of the pieces was not done consistently.
These noodles started developing defects after being used for a few weeks.  Bubbles appeared along one side of the noodle and those shortly popped.  The $1.00 noodles I bought locally are holding up better than these.  I believe I am owed a refund or &#34;at least&#34; a replacement for the 4  damaged noodles.
"I collect the normal ones that all look the same. this one that was shipped to me had Robert Griffin 3rd as a big head. I get that its some kind of collectors thing, but thats not what i wanted and it just looks dumb. I suppose the price was low enough that shipping it back would be silly. As a result i just ordered another redskins player to finish my collection."
"I bought one of these for my three year old and was severely disappointed when only the side to side action worked.  The car made noise when I tried to go forward or backward, but no movement.  My three year old loved that the wheels in front flipped and the car could basically go in a circle, but I think he would have enjoyed it more if it actually went somewhere."
CAUTION THIS PRODUCT SAYS 192 COUNT BUT I ONLY RECEIVED 16!!  &#34;Card Night 2 Ply Beverage Napkins 192ct&#34;
It's ok but the so called hovering technology that they say on the commercial is just a piece of plastic on the bottom
We returned these turtles. They're super cheap. The paint was smudging off. They say on the package that they're for 3+. I had bought them for party favors for my 1-year-old's birthday party.
"Kids loved it when the product held air but after one week use, all three lost air due to cheaply constructed inflatable toy..."
"These darts are just horrible.<br /><br />They do not shoot straight at all. half the time they come tumbling out of the barrel. They decrease the range by half. One one blaster they interfered with the chamber mechanism.<br /><br />I tried them in a Rapid Strike, ECS 10, and a Flip Fury."
"Garbage, weaker that plastic straws and seeing as how the battery door on the remote was welded shut, I never even got to try it out. Sending it back now for a refund."
The magnets are so weak it doesn't even stay up let alone hold something up. I was going to use it to make certain events on a calendar and it won't stay in place. It slides down to the bottom of the board. HORRIBLE!
"The colors are extremely dull and very faint. I had hoped these would give me a decent looking design with the option to change it in the future. The results were very disappointing. Within 10 minutes it was almost invisible.<br /><br />The only good thing... It helped me get over my fear of mistakes so I could actually start this project. If you're drafting ideas these MIGHT be helpful, but if you actually want to SEE your artwork you need to commit and execute. Be brave people!"
Doesn't fly very well tell heavy hard to control
"These are  PERFECT if what you are looking for is a car that is less than a dollar store double pack of them. They are cheezy, cheap and the first one I tried didn't work at all!<br /><br />BUT if you are looking for a party pack/gift bag for a boys party they are probably OK. I would NOT put them in a stocking as a stocking stuffer though."
Very disappointed! Package was worn & tattered. Dog was removed and loose in bottom of box. New was not accurate description for what I received. Price was too high for item in this condition.
Cheap and flimsy. This tore at the outside seam before one day of use in the pool.
absolute worst skateboard ever! it's extremely stiff and is made of the cheapest plastic money can buy.
This item broke after one use. Very inexpensive materials. And Amazon wouldn't return it because it was after 30 days. We didn't use it until our baca last week. Most unfortunate.
"Rip-off! I got what looked like a handful of Lego garbage..the pieces Legos didn't want, I got em!"
"They came broken,very poor quality, would not recommend"
If i could give less than 1 star i would.  I read the reviews about the smell and thought it wouldn't bother me because i was making this into a wreath.  But the smell is horrible and the balloons have this weird filminess that comes off of them and coats your hands.  I let them air dry for 2 days and i washed each one by hand with vinegar and the smell and feel of them lingered.  I would definitely not buy if you are planning on blowing them up.  I ended up not using them on the wreath because i didn't want the entrance to my house smelling like them plus while i was cleaning them i noticed some of the color rubbing off onto my towel and i didn't want to risk the color getting on my door.
It was way smaller then I thought. One hand was broken when I received it.
"face is no identical with the pic. I was very disappointed, it took longtime to receive it.<br />simply is not the doll what I wanted. face looks like an adult's one. I expected a child face, what looks like here."
Fell apart as I tried to put it on the drone.  cheap plastic with no flex in it.
Does not work with any IOS newer than 6. Product stopped being produced in 2013. Would have been nice to know that before i purchased it. Had to return to Mattel.
I couldn't get the balloons on the straws with the rubber band things and instead just did them old school style until I was tired.
"I am not very impressed with E-Flite batteries. I have purchased several planes and helicopters that have included these batteries. Of the five batteries, four have failed. One is still functioning. I would not recommend purchasing this batteries. I have had good luck with Venom products."
"Very disappointed.  Purchased these mini dinosaurs as a party favor and will not be handing them out.  The ones I received from Fun Express were VERY cheap looking and not at all representative of the ones pictured.  Feel misled. My first bad experience ordering from Amazon. I wish I would have searched the reviews by date, as all of the recent reviews are very negative...not at all representative of the high stars Fun Express has received in the past for this product."
"Will not Stick as I thought it would,,,, Will look into a more stronger sticking Advance Alternative for Toddler Earrings other than Piercing. Try Live Learn,,"
leaks at the hose connection &#34;and&#34; more importantly at the trigger/button...can't do anything about a bad seal within the trigger housing...waste of money.
"Poor quality. Glass screen protector, Looks greasy with just a single touch from a clean hand. Phone always looks blurry and dirty and I have to constantly whipe it in order to see the screen. I told the seller about this before writing a review and they asked me to send them a picture of the issue. Yeah ok. Problem is you have to attach it to your phone to see if it's any good. Spend a few more dollars, get better quality. Your welcome."
The product I received is not anywhere close to the picture. The item I received was also used.
"My 8 year old son was so excited to receive these tanks on his birthday. He was so disappointed to see that one of them arrived with a broken track. Unfortunately, because I had ordered them at the end of July and his birthday was in late Aug, we couldn't return the crappy defective tank when he opened them on Aug 24. Literally one day outside of the return window. These would have been a fabulous gift if the parts would have arrived in good working condition. You'll have better results and &#34;wow factor&#34; by taking out a $20 bill and lighting it on fire in front of your children."
"This item arrived without all its pieces, but that only affected the bubble capability. When we tried to make it fly, it simply sat there. About 45 seconds went by and suddenly, ZOOM, it shot up in the air, ignoring all subsequent commands, and once it made it about 40 feet in the air it shut off and fell to the grass. Each flight was a variation of this-- it doesn't initially launch at all, but if you are very patient and repeat the same &#34;up&#34; joystick command fifty times, eventually it will take off. It then would fly straight up without responding to any other controls, cut off high in the air, and tumble to earth. For something designed to fly around and occasionally fall to earth, it is incredibly cheaply made. Three flights in and the fuselage cracked and the tail rotor flew off somewhere in the grass and was lost. I guess that's why they included an extra rotor, but if they are lost that easily one extra will not last long. Two other plastic pieces also came off almost immediately. The instructions are horribly written and essentially incomprehensible, and none of the buttons on the remote are well-explained. There is a &#34;Demo&#34; button that apparently does nothing at all from what we can tell. There are &#34;speed&#34; buttons and an &#34;ABC&#34; selector that are equally as mysterious, as they appear to have no function in flight. I would recommend against buying this particular helicopter because the quality is really really poor. We received it as a gift from a well-meaning uncle, but unfortunately it simply doesn't work and stands no chance of lasting long if it did."
Terrible taste
"Fiends is a great game, but this is a ridiculous price for a toy."
"I ordered the fuchsia set of waddlers, but instead received one YELLOW rubber duck with what I assume is a pacifier in it's mouth."
Bottom of box was crushed!!!
These are tough to use and we left ours out a day covered on a deck and both of them the pullback string broke and now they are unusable and we have only had them a few months.  Disappointed in how these worked and even more upset that they are now useless after having just 2 months.
"I would prefer not to buy items from overseas China. Since 80 - 90% of merchandise is currently made in China, which I personally find disappointing, be that as it may, I will continue to buy Chinese made toys when there are no alternative options but I would much like to support my own countries products."
The ring came apart unfortunately
"Very disappointed - my son wanted this toy thinking the fingerboard was the larger size tech deck board.  Production description didn't list scale or size of content.  For future customers, this is not the larger finger board, actual board size is about 1.75 inches long by .5 inches wide about a quarter of the size of the larger boards."
Fell apart very fast
I was not happy with the Petunia Pig figure. First of all there was no description as to how tiny the figure actually was. I already have a great approx. 4 inch rubber type Porky Pig with cloth clothing and cap. I was expecting the Petunia Pig figure to be somewhat like the Porky Pig figure as to size. There was no way of telling how tiny the Petunia Pig figure was based on the picture of her inside a plastic bag.
"Very disappointed - my son wanted this toy thinking the fingerboard was the larger size tech deck board.  Production description didn't list scale or size of content.  For future customers, this is not the larger finger board, actual board size is about 1.75 inches long by .5 inches wide about a quarter of the size of the larger boards."
was just ok the reason for low rating was for condition I received.
not what i expected!
"I ordered this particular set to support breast cancer. The bell doesn't work, when removing items, glue marks are all over the inside case, the pads are inadequate for the game as well. It was a total waste of money."
after recieving this drone i took it out for a spin the dam thing went out of control flew so high in the sky and flew so far away that i cant track it could not control it waste of 57 quid what a joke the controls did not even work could not even call it home
"We purchased 360 of these for my grandson's birthday party. It was suppose to be the highlight of the party. Not only did we only get 2/3 of them to blow up, by the time we got them around the house for the water balloon fight, of the ones that did blow up, the water leaked out. So out of 360 balloons we were able to salvage about 50."
I received my car and I was very disappointed the car was ugly green and it is close to 1/64 size. Why they put 1/24 in the description i do not know. Totally deceptive the picture is of a baby blue and white fair price should be $5.00
crap... returned
If only zero stars was an option... My nine year old saved his money for this and it's a piece of junk. It arrived broken and never worked. Then I got to console my son about how he got ripped off. Don't waste your money.
i have ordered this product twice and i absolutely do not recommend it. they were broken both times before i ben get them.
broke after one day
All the other reviews that say this wig knots up quick are TRUE!!  No sooner did we take the net off of it did the braid fall apart.  not worth the money.  The wig is already in the garbage!!
Never worked
"The amazon description was for the Heller La Reale De France boat model. it was advertised as 34.6 x 4 x 15 inches, 44 parts in one place and 900parts in another place. it was supposed to be 1/75th scale model and weighed 5.9 lbs. As received, this Model is only 6&#34; in length, has 23 parts, and weighs just a few ounces, and is a 1/450th scale. I tried to contact the seller, but only the first sentence actually went out, and it wouldn't allow me to add a picture attachment, therefore I have to use this review forum in hopes the entire message with pictures goes on record. as you can see in the photo the box is barely larger than my mouse.[[ASIN:B0002HZZ4C Heller La Reale De France Boat Model Building Kit]]"
"half of them dont even work, they dont hold water, and the ones that hold it leaks almost right away, complete waste of time,"
"Waste of money! Cheaply made, pieces bend easily and many were already separating from the thin cardboard backing when we opened it! Will not buy again from Master Pieces Puzzle Co. I am so disappointed I spent almost $8 on this. My two children are bummed because they were looking forward to putting it together."
"hoped was a good surprise for the collection of garbage trucks has my son, but I get all the broken parts not worth spending so much money on a piece of such poor quality !!!"
Buyer Beware!!  This is junk.  It came unboxed and clearly used.  I bought 9 cubes here and this is the only one I had any issue with.  It came broke and with sticker off as well as a middle piece completely missing.  It had gunk all over it and was mixed up instead of being all intact with colors in place.  I can't believe they even sent this to someone.  In the garbage it goes.  Grrrrr.  I notice since I purchased it they changed the price too.  Much lower now.  Well it is not worth it.  The pieces come off very easy.
Overpriced.
It worked 5 minutes the day it arrived. It will not charge at all now JUNK
None of them worked!!!! I hate it!!!
"Seriously!! I put this table together an hour ago, the first time my 15 month old daughter sat down to color she went off the paper with a WASHABLE orange crayon. I wiped it with water and a mild dish soap as recommended by the manufacturer and it doesn't come off! I could not be more annoyed!!"
"Yeah, I read the negative reviews, but the low price and quantity of stars sucked me in. I suppose I can't really complain about the small size of the stars because they are &#34;mini stars&#34;. Please realize these aren't the stars that middle aged people like me remember reminisce about from their fun days of bad decision making.  They are garbage.  Why? Lemme splain;  1. They only stick to latex, a window or plastic. These surfaces aren't usually surrounding your bed.  2. They aren't stickers. The perforated sticky material isn't sticky. They are an eyesore.  3. It generally takes over and hour to clean surfaces before applying, cut adhesive, and apply. You wait for sundown and guess what? Half of them fell, and the remaining were barely glowing. Getting my 6 bucks back isn't justice either. These things are a terrible decision not just because of the reasons I mentioned but also because the fallen stars are an extreme hazard to the children they are intended for..."
"Very flimsy and cheaply constructed.  We got this and for a far cheaper price got a very similar plush from Miles from Tomorrowland, his mechanical ostrich.  It was far cheaper and 500% better quality."
Really hard to for a child!!!
"These DO NOT CHANGE COLOR!!,😢😢😢😡😡😡😡"
This product was garbage - it came broken from China so I did not send it back.  It was made of a fragile fiber glass type material and it was split in two and I got shards in my fingers when I unwrapped it.  There was no packaging to protect it from getting broken.  complete disappointment.
Sent me a wrong one!!!!!!
"Sorry, but I through them away. they are cheaply make and didn't fit the hand."
Arrived damaged!!!
"CRAP! Its not a &#34;pump&#34; then shoot kind of toy, you have to pump TO shoot. Total garbage! Where are the good old super soakers where I could pump and then shoot."
I have used these in 18 different rc vehicles and they have worked flawlessly. My 1 star rating is due to the fact that some 6.5mm connectors are not the proper size and will not fit into my existing connectors.
The product was defective. The pennant ink was smeared and the colors ran all over.
The price is a laughing stock. You can find them on ebay for around $30-60.
toooooooo small<br />very very small<br />not like the pic
Over priced for what I received.
"These are more than twice the current price of the stamps as issued by the Post Office! This is an even bigger markup than on the First Class stamps. (Since they're &#34;Forever&#34; stamps, I suppose you could hold them until the Post Office price finally doubles, and then you'd have a bargain. As it is, they're a ridiculous ripoff.)"
The quality for the price was terrible.
"Waste of money, they count the front and back as pages. There are only 2 actual pages to flip over."
"Box was alot more beat up then was posted.  I know it said that it's not for those who are collecting, but it looked like it got ran over. Besides that, the toy itself is scratched and has bits of paint missing. Not too happy with my purchase. Only good thing was shipped super fast."
it was chunky mostly clear glitter not anything fine like you would imagine diamond dust
Crayons arrived broken.  Very poor quality crayons.
IT WAS OK
"I am completely disappointed in this. This Super Girl costume being sold by Amazon is a complete knock off!!! No wonder it's cheaper! Even the sizing is written weird. I originally ordered this from Party City's website in a small but it ended up being too tiny. I ordered it in a medium from Amazon for cheaper. I revived this late, even though I have prime. When I took the costume out, I immediately could tell it looked off. The color, the S, the cape, the boots, the belt, all are not the same as the original. I still have the small from Party City and compared it and I am just disappointed how people could steal money, claiming this is a licence branded item. Even the foil part of the costume was turning silver. There are so much threading coming out everywhere and the one from Party City does not have any threading coming out. Even the photo of the girl in the costume comes as one of those bootleg prints. The belt that comes with the Party City is so much better and the shoes are shapped so much better. The cape also detached from the original. I should have just ordered this costume again from Party City. So disappointed and will be returning!"
I am disappointed it broke the second day my grandson had it. He is 13 and was excited to fly it.
"The battery came looking very melted on the edges. I was very concerned to even try to use it, but i did. It was operational but still was in poor condition and not brand new when o received it."
I wish I could blame this on someone besides myself but I thought I was ordering a Lego jet set for my son.  Even though this looks like Lego's and cost what a Lego jet would cost the quality is poor. The parts don't stay together and are not Lego quality.
"It runs ok for a cheep toy. Will not turn left though, only right going forward. It will reverse but continues to aim boat to the right as it reverses. When you try to go straight again it pulls to right. One perpetual right circle no matter what you do. At least it's still running after a month. Ok for pool use."
"I haven't given it to my grandson yet as it has been difficult to fill the bottom with sand, because the opening is so small. The sand was damp when we bought it and very hard to get it in the opening. The manufacture's instruction could be more specific on how much to fill it. I did it once, blew it up, and it wouldn't pop back up. So I'm trying again. I've been letting the sand dry out, but that takes quite a while. So I've had it for a month and still unable to use it. Not sure I would have bought it if I'd known how frustrating this was going to be."
"The tails fell off of some, eyes crooked and werent the same brand as pictured."
Terrible cheap quality.
"Fit and finish very poor, very amateurish finish, the seat compartments do not fit, the stain was slopped on showing missing areas that were not touched, the hull should had been hand sanded and was in fact very rough and does not match, the hull has a separation in it that shows again sloppy, the windshield does not fit to the wood (a noticeable gap exist), the tie down re: port/stern aft are not put in where they match. Overall, just very poorly put together, shameful. Was originally meant to be a birthday present, no way is that happening.<br /><br />http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00GA1YZTU?redirect=true&ref_=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0"
False advertising; my 8 year old learned how clever marketing gets people's hard earned money but buyer beware. The pictures illustrated on the packs are not indicative of what is inside.
Got this item because it was the cheapest one on prime. Kind of disappointed with it got a four port charger for a reason but can't use two of them because they don't work. Wish I could return it and get my money back or get a replacement
"CRAP! Its not a &#34;pump&#34; then shoot kind of toy, you have to pump TO shoot. Total garbage! Where are the good old super soakers where I could pump and then shoot."
Such an awesome sweater. But if your tall like me im 6 ft it does not fit. It fits exactly on waist. DO NOT buy waste of money. The sweater is really cheap too. If u buy you will get ripped off. I have returned it waiting for refund. I repeat DONOT buy!!!!!!!
"Have no idea how this thing got 4 stars.<br />Its seriously unstable. As soon as you add any throttle to it, it veers off in a direction.<br />Has no calibration setting so correcting the problem is not going to happen.<br />This is first flight stuff we are talking about. No wear and tear, nothing."
"Don'ttttttt buy it, 2 minutes and nooo good i waste my money"
This tube was much smaller than it seemed in the photo. It was not big enough for 2 small adults to sit on it comfortably. The &#34;cooler&#34; in the middle was tiny.
It won't fire
"Unfortunately half of the balloons had holes in them, and others didn't close after filled. The idea is good but not impressed with the quality of the product"
"It's not actual brushes, it just a pieces of plastic shaped to look like a brush."
This doesn't look like the photo.... The fabric is almost yellow. Not that pretty icy grey in the photo.  It is also large and quite flat.... Very disappointed.
"Very bad condition. I ordered this twice and both were scratched, scuffed and the faceplate cracked."
"Cheap, undersized, dots painted on. Very disappointed in quality."
Doesn't do what it is supposed to do. Cool idea with poor execution.
That's a horrible price. These are 4.59 at Justice
Its very small
"These are pretty crappy. I put them in my sons room and we were all excited for bed time so he could check them out. They dont even glow unless you shine a light directly in front of them, and they then fade out within 2-3 minutes. What a waste of my time putting all of these things up, not to mention a waste of my money."
"Not thick enough, I bought two and ended up sticking them together, would have returned them, but I missed the return date"
No sticky--didn't catch that part in description.
Bills way to small for the Project I needed them for should be a little bigger.
The product is cute however it leaked on arrival. There was no patch kit either.<br />The seller requires a youtube video to be uploaded to youtube and send them a link of the failed product. Not really sure what this buys.<br /><br />I have stopped dealing with the seller and am now working though Amazon's A-Z guarantee<br /><br />Stay away. The seller is aweful
They didn't fit my fingers :c barely on my pinkie
It was made out of cheep material and it broke the second day...
It broke in less than 24 hours with normal use.
Cheap and VERY VERY small fits in Easter eggs but so small it feels cheap. Some pieces were part of a puzzle thing so u were just giving a tinypiece os plastic. I should have listened to the reviews but did not think they could really be THAT small!!
Returned because it was to complicated to setup
Do not buy it!!! Almost $30 with battery and we played for 10 min.<br />Next time we go watch a movie!!!
Do not buy!!!  The ears on these balloons do not blow up.  They do not look as pictured.  They look more like a cat with pointy ears.
It doesn't transform.  What a rip off!!
Hair fell off coming out of the box
"Should have read the fine print on this one. $8.00 for a rediculously small puzzle. NOT 6 puzzles like shown in the picture. But rather, only ONE. Wish I would have spent my money elsewhere!"
It's not as big as the picture shows wow
"Doesn't work. Perhaps this is intended for small kids only. This doesn't hold grown adults. Part of the problem is that the length of fabric across the front where your legs rest is too short/tight. So when you sit in it, your legs end up pushing the whole front under water so far that you fall out of the chair."
Was the wrong size
"Seriously, it is amazing how ANNOYING it is that balls get stuck in the Hippos' throats.  Not only do they get stuck there (where you have to push them out), but they also get jammed in a square underneath the Hippo in the throat (you have to take the Hippo off to get this one out).  I used to love this game as a kid, and the quality now is horrible.  I would rather pay more for a better game.  A couple times testing out the game would have shown the makers that there is a problem."
I'm still looking for the fulgarite. My kids are not pleased.
Hated false advertisement
It was DOA... Dead on Arrival.  I never got it to work.  From China.  Build quality is pretty poor.  Just too lazy to go to the hassle to send it back.  Move on to another option.  This one is junk.
"It's really small. Not as big as I thought it was,but it's pretty cool for kids."
Batteries dont work well seem to be made very cheap and have had several issues from the charger no longer working to the battery terminals being extremely difficult to plug and unplug in both copter and charger. Have to play with the connection for several minutes before it makes contact and can begin flying. Dissapointed with both batteries and charger.
last one i got was in Japaneses. I was really let down cause i really wanted her in my elf deck. o well $26 lesson. nope just tryed to order again. false advertisement. dosent say Japaneses until u place your order
Worst servo I have ever used. I have them on 2 Losi Mini 8ight Ts and both are bad. Replacing with Hi-Tech HS-225MG/BB.
it was irritable it jammed way to much and ripped the bullets. :(
The box is very flimsy. It is made of cardboard with fabric and breaks easily.
Stolen
"The flashlight I received DOES NOT have the Spiderman head on it.  It's just a regular, plastic flashlight with a wrap or sticker around the base with Spiderman &#34;stuff&#34; on it.  Big disappointment!"
Was not satisfied! These are bad quality stickers and I only ended up using about 10. I'm never buying this again for sure. I was expecting some nice stickers for my bike but was really dissatisfied
Just as annoyed- unable to get remote to pair with drone. Posted question here and appreciate answer but still does not pair despite turing off and on with remote close. Tried direct email to tech support at manufacturer with no response. One more try to pair tonight- then going back if no success.
Only one of the five cables arrived. It looks OK but it is the only one of the set I really did not need.
This broke so fast &#60;/3 I was the one pranked
Cheap plushie made with non quality material. Not happy with the shipping packaging being shredded.
"I ordered this battery in January but have not had time to mess with the helicopter until a few days ago. I installed it into the Double Horse, fully charged it, and tried to fly. The battery does not have enough energy to lift off. An older batter that was stored with the new one had not been charged in a year or so yet it did have the energy to lift off, so it's not the helicopter.<br /><br />I just sent a note to the seller to see if there is something I did wrong, however, I am thinking not. If there is some defect in this particular battery and he replaces it, I will gladly change my rating. Additionally, I am open to suggestions. For now, I put it back on the charger and will see if I leave it there longer than the charger indicates it should be, helps it. Sure can't hurt it."
Guess i need to read more . I thought i was getting a lot more figures than just 6. I think though they did that to trick people i mean i paid 13.99 plus shipping for 6 figures wow..shame on me. I got this for my nephew .
"Pros:<br />These motors are stronger than the originals and they weren't difficult to install.<br />Cons:<br />I've only had them for four days, yet one of the motors has already stopped working.<br /><br />I wouldn't buy them again."
Already put it away. The keys are harsh for baby's gentle gum. Not recommended and they're super loud when baby shakes or dropping them.
Package was resealed and probably used a real riders tires kit
Pretty bad. Cheesey. I wouldn't buy it for anyone over 5. I know this is meant for kids but heck even the kids microscope set I got when I was little came with glass slides and glass slide covers. This might as well have come with cartoon drawings of cells and germs printed  small on a slide. Dye sponges make no sense. Use it once and it's contaminated with microscopic mold and fungus growth making it useless for later uses.
"Too hard, bad quality for a frisbee catcher. He chewed it to bits first day."
The unopened box didn't come with the Christmas present cards or the Halloween present cards.  I'm very disappointed.   Could anyone tell me what all of the Halloween and Christmas cards say?  Hernandez3894@gmail.com   Thanks in advance.
i thought it was the movie but it turned out okay I sent it to my grand children and they loved it.
These were a breeze to fill up but the water came out of them in under 5 minutes leaving my kids with nothing. I would not recommend this product!
My niece did not like these at all.  There where too small and not enough room to hold anything.  Not worth the money or time.  I would not recommend this product.  Don't waste you  time!
"So, this thing is super cute however there are a couple flaws.  One I see as a serious  flaw.  The little bell on the front of the duck fits very well into my son's mouth.  He liked to chew on it.  There also is a bungey kinda string which ties the bell to the duck.  It's stretchy.  I noticed that my son was wearing through the string and that eventually the bell was going to come off.  Since the bell fits into his mouth this would obviously be a problem with a serious chocking hazard.  I STRONGLY urge the manufacturer to consider this issue.  I immediately cut the bell off.<br />On a lesser note...it's kinda tough to get the wheels to turn.  The little flappy feet make it hard to turn when you push it.  It won't work at all on our hard wood floors and is a bit of a pain on the carpet.  Like I said...it's cute...but it has it's flaws.  I wouldn't order it again if given the choice but I won't be returning it."
Junk!
"Purchased this item because I had the product pictured for years and years, very great quality heavy pewter keychain, and it finally gave out. I received a plastic keychain with brush strokes still on the back and no official Nintendo logo in sight."
"Poorly balanced, does not perform like the REAL gyros of the '50's"
colors are not bright like the picture. Colors are very drab.
"Awful.  Just buy regular bubbles,  the wands are awful."
"Cheap looking, poor quality."
They don't glow in the dark.
These bubbles did not work at all.  Popped when tried to catch them.
Too small
"I bought this item and it didn't work.  I had it replaced 3 times and NONE of them worked properly.  From doesn't work at all, to works for the most part but turns off for no reason in the middle of game play.  I really wanted this to work but seems like Hasbro has some kinks to work out."
it was missing two of the wheels when it arrived and we had to send it back.
"These balloons are horrible.  Filled them with water exactly like it said and within seconds the balloons had no water in them.  Waste of money.  I tried several different was of filling them...fast, slow, ice chest with water, no water and balloons in the water.  Same result within seconds all of the balloons held no water."
Pump broke within the first 20-30 balloons we inflated.
Bought this from another store and the poor reviews are right.  You can't connect pieces w/o more falling off.  The lights didn't work either..I saw a dim red light in a few places and that's about it.  Junk.
"I bought this for myself as spirit week was approaching at work and one of the days was &#34;Bling Bling Day&#34; It is not made for adult's mouths. It was very small and did not fit into my mouth (which my dentist regularly tells me is small). It also came looking like it was opened and did not contain a packet of beads to melt like the instructions state. There were already melted and placed into the trough where your teeth will go. Also, one of the rhinestones that are supposed to be on the teeth were missing."
Wasn't as described package was opened completely very dissapointed if I'd of known this and for the price I payed I would have bought one new from a different dealer..
"There are no facts at all on these cards, just plain playing cards with the same picture on the back."
Half of them were not bored correctly and the hole where the prop shaft goes through was not completely centered making for very unbalanced propellers. Do not buy.
"I'm about to buy a replacement, for more than I originally spent, and I'll tell you why. We have had this monkey for over 1.5 yrs. The mouth area ripped within six months. Then the voice and movement stopped a few months later. My child still loves this thing, and because she has special needs, didn't outgrow it. It looks awful, the face is shredded, the head hangs funny and it doesn't work at all. I've told her it will be fixed, and substituting a new one. I hate that I'm ordering a new one, but it gives her so much joy. I would say your child will love it, but it's not made well."
"BE WARNED: If you are an organization or business, the warranty does not apply to you.  We purchased this just a few weeks ago and have used it maybe 5 times.  It's falling apart.  Bounceland informed us it is not covered because we are a non-profit org and it is not for personal use."
"Flimsy and they are not standard poker size , much smaller than the original . One shuffle and they are ruined ."
This is cheaply made & did not last long at all.
Not very good. Remote didn't communicate w product.
did not work at all waste of my money
I just order these and received them last week.  7 of the 25 were the WRONG color.  7 of them were blue and they were all supposed to be white.
Its nine inches. Not 14
"If I could this a zero star, I would!  I received a very cheaply made product in comparison to the picture. Do not buy this product!!! They painted it pink and blue instead of putting jewels and even worse, the paint was not in the lines at all. There was pain all over every single one of these wands. I was going to give these in the gift bags for the children attending the party and am not even including them! Very disappointed!"
"This seat is not safe, do not leave your little one alone in this chair. After a few uses the fabric is already starting to wear away."
Arrived damaged
This is an interesting idea but I found when my son was correctly IN his car seat this was not reachable or interesting at all.
I received this as a gift from Jareth after I danced the magic dance.....then he stole my baby brother now I'm stuck in this damn labyrinth!
"How the mighty have fallen.<br /><br />Imagine the minimum acceptable rigidity and quality for a simple play-doh extruder.<br /><br />Then remember the utterly indestructible version of years past.<br /><br />Now remove 66% of the quality.<br /><br />Thinnest plastic possible, and then less.<br /><br />Plunger is intentionally shoddy and will pop loose. Why? Because it was they only way<br />they could make it safe, because if it was fixed to the unit it would snap in half instantly because<br />it's so crappy and thin.<br /><br />Don't waste your time, hunt down a vintage one.<br /><br />And the &#34;includes two playdoh!&#34; are tiny cans that are the same as one normal can. But two = more than one!<br /><br />Soon to have 20 1/2 ounce cans. &#34; INCLUDES 20 CANS!!&#34;<br /><br />Utter rubbish."
it was horrible my 6 and 8 year old bounced on it and they said it wasn't bouncy at all u coold here paper in it or something it sucked don't buy this product
end up with throw it away. very low quality.
I don't like it
Wasn't the right one.Wanted NYC Twin Towers!
These were old balloons- They would fail while blowing them up- get holes or pop within 5 minutes.
"Really cool puzzle (Fenway Park), however; it's missing an edge piece. Have to mail UPC symbol back to get replacement."
"Way overpriced!  It's basically a cardboard box.  I ordered one, and got a case of the wrong colored one!  Made in China.  I returned every last one."
I'm only keeping 4 out of 100. My pack was full of childish McDonald's and Mario stickers. If your buying this thinking your getting a lot of skateboard and clothing brand stickers you not going to get anything good for $8.
This waych is super cute and we love the different bands to go with the watch.  Unfortunately the watch DOES NOT work and we are super disapointed.
The swimsuits don't fit Barbies (which is what they're made for) or won't even stay fastened!
would've liked it better if I received it
"The balloons had an awful, toxic smell!  It was a very very strong chemical smell, kind of like paint remover but much worse than that. I tried to let them air out, thinking that once out of the bag for a bit the smell would go away, but it didn't. The SMELL was so bad that I had no choice but to just throw them away!"
Worst product every. Looks nothing like the characters. Returning immediately!
Football is cool but ours didn't light up at all. Returning
"I purchased this product twice and the first time I was so happy that my grandson loved it and it worked great. However the second time I purchased it I used amazon to get it.  So, when I saw it last November on amazon I purchased it for my granddaughter's birthday that was this past March. I did not know that Leap Frog only has a 3 month warranty  on their products as that is not in the description on the products. So even before I gave the gift it was out of warranty. Well, as luck would have it I received a product that was a lemon. It only did one of the three things it was supposed to do. When I contacted Leap Frog, looking to see if they could fix or exchange it, I  was asked numerous questions over and over again every day for 6 days. They did not tell me it was not under warranty until the last email even though on my first email I told them my purchase date. I am unhappy with their product as well as their personnel that obviously wasted my time and really did not read the information he was asking me for. Very disappointed."
"The Pack came with out some pieces.flower, on tree Red and Mecaw"
Very small compared to picture.
very poor quality toys
It was hard to put together. The instructions were too small to read. We still haven't completed the project. I would not recommend this item to anyone.
end up with throw it away. very low quality.
The material is different from the picture！miss part!
This product what NOT what the description said it was. I only received one ballon and not the rest of the products.
I actually bought 2 of this brand.  The suit is designed very oddly. There is a seam across the chin which was very uncomfortable for the boys.  Then it drops from the chin to the chest not being fitted to the neck.  It didn't look right and didn't feel right on the boys.  Returned both suits.
Poor material:(
A big disappointment. The phone is all plastic with not one moving part. The wallet didn't open. etc.  I replaced all<br />but the mirror with things an 18th month old could recognize.
"Dumbest item ever!!! It's messy, not a good organization item and you describe it wrong!! I hate it and will let all my friends know, Do Not Order!!"
Ordered Ralph and got Kermit. Never got fixed.
Wheel was not attached. Only half the bolt was there and there wasn't even a hole in the board where it should have been attached. We had to purchase the hardware to fix it so we could use it the evening it arrived.<br />The pegs kept falling out every time someone spinned the wheel.
Complete rip-off of Lego and Star Wars !!!! Buyer beware !!! Anyone at Lego or Disney paying attention to this kind of IP theft ????
Too small
Purchase 2 this summer. First one lasted 4 weeks and leaked. Decided to buy another lasted 1 day slide never remained inflated. My grandkids 8 and under loved it that's why 2nd was purchased. Would not buy another not worth it
The props are tiny.  Not at all what I expected.  Purchased from Oriental Trading and got much better props.
I did not even receive to correct bmo
Same issue as others. Sean busted on 3rd use. It was a blast until this happened? Does anyone know what recourse the consumer has on a product like this?
"item delivered, inflated and promptly deflated"
Purchased the swing in November and used it once or twice before winter set in. Stored the swing in the garage and brought it out in late March/early April. It is now August and the swing it ripped and falling apart. It is unusable. Do NOT buy this swing! $100 for a few months of use it unacceptable. I emailed the company but my guess is that I will never hear a thing from them!
"What a cost savings this must have been to Lucy Hammett Games!  There are only SIX cards in the box. Six. (6).  For contrast, the Lakeshore bingo sets have 36.  I guess you can put 5 or 6 kids on one card, but you shouldn't have to.  So if you have a classroom of only 12 students, then this is perfect for pair work.  I also want your job."
Arrived damaged!!
Poor...
Horrible got the balloon and it had so many holes you couldn't blow it up.  Sad little boy great birthday
"The lights are very dim, barely visible in the dark. The pieces of the lightsaber come apart very easily. On day one we were fitting pieces of the blade back together as well as pieces that lock it into place when it is retracted. Huge birthday disappointment. Absolutely not worth the $26."
"What a cost savings this must have been to Lucy Hammett Games!  There are only SIX cards in the box. Six. (6).  For contrast, the Lakeshore bingo sets have 36.  I guess you can put 5 or 6 kids on one card, but you shouldn't have to.  So if you have a classroom of only 12 students, then this is perfect for pair work.  I also want your job."
"I do customs, when I open to modified it. wheels had been worked on already and a bad job at that. Then put back in package."
did not fit in the phone or sword
Instructions might as well not existed
"It was cheaply. made fabric wasn't that great. the way it was cut was horrible. the only reason I didn't send it back because it was my niece's and she said that she'd keep it. she was fine, but I thought it was horrible, if it was for me I would have sent back instantly."
"This is not a Moyu Aolong v2. This is some cheap mockup, yes we can tell. Middle caps fall off and the cube pops. Mechanism is nowhere similar to the moyu aolong v2"
"Very bad product, it does not stay stand , its allways like a ball."
Very small.
Scam scam scam....resealed and card is frayed. Used a real riders tires kit.
"Product is DOA (dead on arrival), it is a non working item. Very disappointing, wasted my time as I was looking to surprise my kids with it."
Better stuff in a gum ball machine.
The car was fast But It's controller only works when the car is 3 feet away I want a refund This was the worst amount of money I have ever spent I would rather play with a blade of grass
"These coins are not BU mint. They are scratched from use I would guess AU 55. They are packing taped on the back side of the holder. This leaves a green residue! Not for amateur - expert collectors. Great for beginners, or people who do not care about the condition of the coins."
"I should have known... but had to see for myself, I guess and I desperately wanted something neat for my granddaughter. The Shade will NOT stay up under any condition. Granddaughter is 10 months old and even after putting in as much air as possible she could grab the outside rim, pull it to her (to try to put it into her mouth) and in a flash she would tip and face-plant in the water. The interior rim is not attached to the mesh in several places...like the machine just skipped the seaming in several places. In other words this one defective and shoddily put together. It is a great idea but really need to go back to the drawing board on how to make shade stay up. The two little Velcro straps are woefully inadequate. I don't have the box, but I am still going to try to return. $28 is a lot to pay for a floating water ring."
"I blame myself for not reading more carefully. I understood this product to be more effervescent and less actual colored dye. My daughter as long blond hair and though it was not dyed, my hands were & so was a towel. I was not able to easily wash either?! This seems really incompatible with bath time, as I had to run a second bath after her first one turned black! Sounded good...sadly impractical."
The holes for the lacing on the brim are clearly burned in. The picture hides the fact that the lacing is not attached. It is tied into a messy knot and hangs off the back of the hat... like NO cowboy hat ever! Flimsy and nearly too small for a toddler to wear. This will last 1 day of play if I can figure out what to do with the lacing so my child can safely play with it.
"Junk. Neither wand worked on receipt. There is a battery guard (e.g. to keep the batteries from making contact during shipping) that was removed, and still neither wand worked. Removed battery covers to ensure good battery contact, and still did not work. Contacted seller via Amazon return/replacement request, and have received no reply."
This light saber was not the one my son thought it was.  It was very cheap and quickly broke.
Product is good. Came used. Broken zipper.
Stolen!
The teapot has a hole so it didn't work. So disappointed.
Broke within a day.
The bubble maker really doesn't work. Very little educational interaction for my daughter.
A piece of junk!
"I bought 2 of these. One was for my son & one a gift for his best friends b-day. My son is 14 & bought one with his own money. My son started to fly his drone as soon as it got here. He had a great time flying it until the second day. On the second day the battery wouldn't get a good connection nor would the battery lid stay closed & the camera completely stopped working. So we just thought it was a default on just one drone. Then 3 weeks later ( because best friend lives out of town) when he was able to see his best friend to give him his drone for his birthday, he also got a short lived camera & on the 3rd day his ended up not working. So I guess in all the boys had a fun time with it for a couple of days. A lot of hard earned money for a 14 year old to spend on something he now can't use & because I was in the hospital for a week & a half & very sick before & after during all this going on I missed the return window by 4 days. So now mom & dad have to make up for it & now more hard earned money is to be spent. I gave it 1 star only because I couldn't post this if i didnt. OK! RANT OVER! WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS DRONE!"
This broke after one use.  So disappointing. DO NOT waste your money.
Absolutely not happy with this product. My 6 year daughter was in tears when she opened the package. The paint on the face is cracked and rubbed off in spots! It looks like it's a few years old instead of brand new!
Totally overpriced piece of cheap plastic. Worth about $5.00 Same plastic as throw away paint tray liners.
Small unusable pieces of junk!  Given A STAR since it was required for post!!
Cheaply made
Broke within 20 minutes playing with it
"I do not know who said that the quality of this puzzle is great or how much they got paid to state that, because I assure you the quality of these puzzles are HORRIBLE! It was extremely disappointing because I only go for high quality pictures and figured I would have that with a Disney-related product. On top of the bad quality, the puzzle pieces did not fit well together at all. I have put together numerous puzzles and not all of them were of great quality, but this one was definitely the WORSE."
too big for my little one to hold .
The crowns in the picture is not what you really get. It is made of a real cheap material that when try to put them together they just snap in half. In my order I fiund at least one that was shipped to me already broken. Not good quality
Ordered this item in July and it's been sitting on my dining room table ever since. Now that I'm back at school I finally blew it up. Sorry it say it does NOT hold air.
This was supposed to come with 2 arrowheads. We only received one arrowhead. The one we received was very thin and brittle. Not a good product.
"I am mainly disappointed in myself for not following my gut instinct.  I read the bad reviews...but I went ahead and got it anyway.  It was a major let down, even when my son passed it on to his 3 year old cousin, he wasn't impressed.<br /><br />Trust the reviews you read. It's not worth it at all. And it's way over priced.  If you just HAVE to have a small rc go to walkmart and spend half."
Its fine not that great the bottom paint was chipped and the light system is messed up. Unsatisfied
Hard to light. Difficult to use
waste of money. the faces rub off within hours of playing with it. Don't do it.
"Ordered this product twice, it arrived broken both times."
THE WORST THING I EVER BOUGHT ON AMAZON!!! Save your time and MONEY!!! Total piece of junk
Mine didn't glow.  I think it was old.
"This is by far the worst smelling mask.  It's so repulsive, that I'd 1, think it's extremely unhealthy to constantly breathe in and 2, surprised it actually was able to leave China and made it into the USA as I'm sure the EPA can smell it from HQ.  This item ships directly from China, takes forever to arrive and upon opening it, almost made me vomit.  This was supposed to be a gag gift for a friend and it does make you gag, however, I'm not mean and I will not give this to them.  UPDATE---- BE WARNED. After contacting this company about a horrible product, they want me to pay for return shipping to China in order to get my refund.  I don't mind returning it to them, but at my cost when this thing is extremely unpleasant/noxious.  I'll look into seeing how much return shipping is and if its a waste of time & money, they can take my $8.00 and put it towards deodorant for the masks."
Cheaply built not realistic starwars spud my nephew was very disappointed
Didn't realize they would be so small. They are a choking hazard so I could not use all of the pieces.
"Cheapest batteries, charger works fine, but two of the batteries I received only have about 200mah, the other two feels ok, but the inner resistance is kind of high, not suitable for high current usage like my brushless minicp"
"Save your money!!!!  I bought these exact same books at the Dollar Tree for, you guessed it, $1 a piece!"
Horrible ... Knive holder broke when my son pulled the knife out and hat broke when he out on his head I bought 2 and the sets were both broken within 10 minutes ... Bad quality don't buy it
Way smaller than I imagined
Garbage
Its not worthy
This arrived with the acrylic all dinged up and not nice looking at all.
Too tiny
Guar figurine does not stand on hind legs because the weight of the head causes it to topple forward. Box also did not have the cose for the in-game scrib pet.
"There is no low ballen this . This is garbage and a disgrace the don't have any synchro or fusion monsters in this. My niece who she and I collect and battle as a hobby. Where out raged when we got them  there were 24 spells and traps ,and the rest were weak level 2 &3s. This doesn't even deserve 1 star but I was nice. If you yugioh fans what my opinion don't order from these people. I have been playing the card game since 2000 and my niece has been since 2007 so.this was a giant slap in the face when we got them. Bottom line is that you should avoid this buyer"
did not fit in the phone or sword
I thought it was a headband...it's more like a wrist band...waste my money😕
"Have a defective battery as it can only power my Phantom 2 Vision plus for just 8 mins. Also noted that DJI Vison app shows that i still had 50% battery capacity, battery capacity suddenly drops to 10% forcing my Phantom to autoland. I have purchased this item in April of 2015 and have written to them twice about the issue without anyone replying to my battery issue. I may have to call my credit card to help make charge back proceedings since they are not getting back to me regarding about their warranty. Do not recommend to buy at this time."
I actually bought 2 of this brand.  The suit is designed very oddly. There is a seam across the chin which was very uncomfortable for the boys.  Then it drops from the chin to the chest not being fitted to the neck.  It didn't look right and didn't feel right on the boys.  Returned both suits.
Junk
Balloons popped immediately when touching the grass.  We used these for a kids event and needed about 100 balloons.  Most popped as soon as they hit the ground.  We even inflated to only half the air and it still happened
"Not well made. Tried to replace the blade that is in the body.<br />Had to drive the slide out with hammer and punch.<br />The punched dent in the handle was to deep; could not move plastic slide.<br />Add it up, the whole piece is junk. Advise don't buy it.."
Nothing every hatched but maybe we did something wrong
I found these exact same puzzles at the dollar store.
This foam roll felt awful.  We returned it right away. I wouldn't want to touch it for 5 min let alone to make a large complicated puzzle.
This might as well be called: A BUNDLE OF MISSING ITEMS!
Was posted under advent calendars and is clearly not.<br />Not something my grandsons would like at all
"We are returning this item.  Product was much smaller than expected.  Dolls tops will only change color in &#34;icy&#34; water.  What good is that to a child - no tub, no pool??  Way over priced."
"I'll give em 1 star because the order arrived quickly. However, you don't get a figure, you get a limb or 2. What a waste of time and money. I didn't see in the ad a picture of just a couple of limbs...."
"I would not recommend this slide to anyone. It's very cheap and flimsy made. I ordered another slide a few weeks later from a different company and it was made with the quality that little tikes is usually known for and it was $15 less than the little tikes slide. I've been buying little tikes for 27 yrs and always 100% satisfied until now. I'm very disappointed in this item. And since I ordered through Amazon I can't return it to a store. So , I'm just out of $55 slide that won't hardly get used 😟"
Poorly made and some tops and bottoms did not match
2 words.. It's horriblr
The floor mat comes folded and you cannot get the very heavy creases out so it looks terrible. The garland is paper so several of them that were bent in the packaging also looked bad because they were creased and could not be uncreased.
This product is not for children.  My 8 year old tried it and she said it really hurt and it turned her finger very red. Stupid trick. My daughter advises:  Be sure you can handle a big shock on your finger.
I Thought It Was Bigger 😒
Bought these for kids gift bags. Plastic safety wrapper so hard to open I had to use a knife.
Extremely disappointed! These makers in no way are &#34;jumbo&#34;  despite what the box says… They are very thin and no different than your average marker. I am a teacher who was looking for a good marker to help teach writing. I  disappointed. This product this reconsider their packaging it<br />Is false advertising.
"Poor , poor quality. DO NOT BUY !"
"The manufacturing is so awful that none of the holes align properly for the screws to go in, making it literally impossible to put together without going to see a carpenter and getting new holes drilled. This is the second product ive bought from hape with manufacturing problems (the drum set i bought had a leg without holes drilled in for the screws). Have lost faith in this company. Would never buy or recommend their products again."
Did not get the blanket. But my daughter loves the bear
Very disappointed.  My kid just saw these beetles in Japan and he is disappointed to find that these figures are about 1/2 the size of real beetles.  Not worth the five dollar plus price tag I paid for these.
"I've had these stools in my classroom (not purchased from this seller, but the same stools) for 3 years, and they have NOT been durable or stable.  The screws on the legs regularly loosen just from normal wiggling and shifting weight when seated on the stool.  I have to tighten them at least once a week.  In addition, the screw holes strip after enough tightenings.  I've drilled new holes, used putty, and done pretty much everything I can possibly do to extend the life of these stools, but they are going in the dumpster today.  Terrible design. Not worth the money AT ALL!"
Horrible!  Exploded after 1 day of playing.
I ordered a pink one but blue showed up my daughter played with this I think for maybe five minutes. The mouse broke the first day what a waste of money.
"This paper was advertised as being heavy and good for painting,but it is about the same thickness as your basic printer paper. My kids and I tried to use it with watercolor pencils and the paper warped and the water bled through.  I'm disappointed because I specifically bought it for painting and it is not at all sturdy or thick."
Not a product I would buy or recommend
The description says that it is 8.5 inches and the tractor I received is only 1 and half inches. I thought I was buying the large oversized toy tractor. I am very disappointed that I spent $14 on this!
"The head band was too short, the top was not what was shown it was purple not brown and the skirt is way too big. You can say I was disappointed when I got it."
"Unless you are a current or former drug addict or criminal, it was difficult to relate to the cards.  I am all for answering uncomfortable questions or being crude, but when you can not connect to the game at all, it just isn't that much fun.  Seriously, one of the most boring and stupid games I have every played.  I would have given it a zero star rating."
"This was purchased as a birthday present for my daughter.  She was very excited, especially since it was pink.  But it doesn't work, and I'm returning it.  Quarters always register as nickels.  Nickels register as pennies or sometimes dimes.  This happens no matter how quickly or slowly or how carefully you push the coin through the slot.  It's not calibrated correctly, and I couldn't find a way to adjust it."
"Han is dressed in blue rather than the screen accurate brown, is incapable of holding his binoculars or of sitting on the Tauntaun. The Tauntaun itself is a hollow piece of plastic, with little to no articulation (the recent Vintage collection one in the 3.75 scale has more points of articulation than this) and he stubbornly refuses to stand up. For completists only."
Crap!
"Very, Very Disappointed .  Only 2 starfish were over 1&#34;.  All the other were under 1/2&#34;<br />They &#34;STUNK&#34;- Literally.  I put them in a soap/clorox bath to try and get rid of the order.<br />These came from &#34;Oriental Trading&#34;- not what what described.. Ordered other items and they came in<br />as expected.<br />Really need to be refunded for this item!!!  and not have to return.<br />Also this is not what I expect from Amazon.  Have been very pleased far- Certainly hope this is not an<br />indication of future orders.<br /><br />Stated that a Star Rating was Required- ---Star is my rating"
"Product never worked.  Piece of junk, basically.  Don't purchase you will not be happy and have to return it."
print is too small.  it is hard to understand.
"I bought this bow for cosplay. After I got this bow I was really really shocked. I rate this a 1/5 because in the picture it shows the bow string as a leather or some sort of material, but when the item came. The bow string was plastic and cheap. Not to mention the arrows. The tips came off every time and there were no feathers at the end. It also did not have a little gap in the arrows where you can fit it in the bow. Basically, my money sent to the trash c: thanks useless product."
Sucks
Opened box after 30 days and the tube instantly started to deflate. Unable to return to Amazon as result. Contacted Intex and they said they do not support the product and cannot do anything for me. Recommend not buying their products if they aren't willing to give support on it.
I was very disappointed in this locker I thought it was out of metal its not and it's way too small for my 15 year old boy.
The item arrived completely useless. Seems to be that the original paper got stuck with the laminate glue and could not get separated. A major disappointment since I really liked the design of the sticker.
"Bought to go camping as well, one of the 2 had a hole/cut in the center seam."
1 had a bad cell. The other was DOA.
"Product was damaged upon arrival. Cracked, broken, colors missing"
"If you buy this for your child, you will have to play with it with her, because she will not be able to dress the doll herself.  Microscopic shoes and accessories are all covered in glitter that gets on everything.  Dresses are cheap and easy to tear, and are too difficult for small fingers to put on and take off.  Oh, and Tinkerbell looks like a psychotic Stepford wife instead of her cute lil Disney self.<br /><br />Magiclip dresses/figures are a much better alternative to this cheap trash."
Received damage.
I have probably spent three hours trying to dig through the plaster with my 7 year old and we have only been able to get 3 pieces out. I can not imagine a child doing this project independently. I doubt we will ever finish it as we are both discouraged with the progress. I figured it would be messy but it is a huge disaster. It will take you as long to clean up as it will dig the pieces out. My 7 year old certainly lost any interest in becoming an archaeologist that she might have had...
These arrived in a timely manner and work great. However they stain the walls  left on for any length of time.…  after discovering that I threw the rest away
"Wow, that went right into the bargain bin."
hard to see numbers
"Overall I did like the costume, however I got an XL for an 11 year old and it was way to small, great for kids maybe 8 or 9 years old but that's about it. If your looking for this for older kids I suggest buy adult size!"
Very low-quality batteries. I have purchased several planes and helicopters that have included these batteries and all but one of the E-flite batteries have failed/stopped working.
"truly miniature, and pretty much worthless."
Piece of trash that doesn't even look like Gir!
One leg fell and one arm has fallen off so far...
Product received was not what was pictured. I'd send it back but it's not worth the hassle. REALLY DISAPPOINTING.
Contacted company through Amazon still have not heard back. This product lasted two weeks before it broke.
not a wise purchase....continually breaks down!
"This thing is a piece of junk. It takes 10 triple a batteries right off the bat. Then you better hope they both work, I got this product by being a BZZAGENT and thank god I didn't have to pay for this. The play board is flimsy and weak, the bots are ok if they both work. My son was really excited to get it and play with but was quickly disappointed. this product is definitely not worth the price."
"Ordered two of these so my son and I could race. Unfortunately we received two identical cars.  I figured that was ok since we could always paint one with model paint. Problem is that one controller, controls both cars. This means that we can only run one car at a time."
"The mug arrived after a couple of weeks.  It was a black mug.  There was a paper inside the mug with the picture on it.  There were no English instructions about transferring the photo to the mug.  It was all in either Japanese or Chinese characters.  Very disappointing for such an expensive mug!  I am awaiting a response from the seller.  Update:  the seller responded that the mug is completely black until hot liquid is poured into the mug.  The picture then slowly appears and also slowly disappears as the mug cools.  I tried this.  It took very hot liquid for the picture to appear.  I bought this for my 6 year old grandson who loves Hero 6.  He does not drink hot liquids, so for now, I guess this will just be a magic thing to amaze him.  The paper picture that came inside the mug was to show what the picture would be when the mug contained hot liquid.  It would have been helpful if English &#34;instructions&#34; had been included!"
"This product is rubbish . When I received the product, it had several scratches , the paint was removed in various parts of the shield. Furthermore, the paint can be removed using fingers . Definitely a bad buy . I feel cheated ."
This was a joke. Save your time and money.
"Both my husband and I hated this puzzle. All the pieces had  similar shapes the color of the puzzle didn't match the box picture so we had no point of reference. Last but not least the puzzle was made from cork which we didn't realize until we got it, (our error) the pieces were as defined and a regular puzzle. We ultimately sent this puzzle back the puzzle as pictured on the box was lovely and we only wish it worked out. Madeline"
"WHAT a disaster!!! This Dream Bride Barbie arrived with yellowing, torn, dirty packaging!! Just beyond horrible!!! I do not have time to return and replace as it's a very special gift for a very special flower girl. This item will be presented at a fancy party...what an embarrassment!!! Don't know what I am going to do, but at the moment I am just horrified and so extremely disappointed!!!!!"
Not excellent
Quality is not up to mark
didn't like this at all
This product doesn't work well -- if you're going to try it do it fast before you may have to keep it-- trying to return mine
I ordered one from my grandson- it never worked. Returned it but never received a refund.  Ordered a second one and the same thing- one part worked but the other did not work.  I don't recommend this product. I was very disappointed as he wanted this for his birthday.
"The 1/2 moon over pool did not last 5 minutes it, filled with water and we had to take it off, so then we could not use slide very well."
"The plane doesn't even fly. Every time I pull up it flies down every time I turn, it goes down. The propeller fell off and and the engine won't even turn on"
"I ordered and paid for 3 of these medallions. I only received 2 of the medallions. Where is my third medallion? I am very dissatisfied. Sincerely, Porter L. Baymon."
The size of the product should be clearly visible to the customer.
Still spills when turned upside down.  Waste of money in my opinion.
Package was resealed and probably used a real riders tire kit.
"Easy to make. Unfortunately, I have contacted both Baskin Robbins and Wham-o to try to buy replacement packs of the ice cream and neither of them bothered to respond. I would not recommend this product."
Bought this for my wife who typically wears a juniors size medium and it was so small that she could barely get it on! I even ordered her a large which he said fit like an extra small.
"After waiting for a month to get these blades, I finally received them. I was very disappointed when I put them on. They are very poorly balanced, causing them to be very noisy and have reduced power. Also, half the blades are too loose to put on without them flying off in mid air. These are not official Hubsan blades, so heed my warning. I'm not retiring them since they came from China, the hassle isn't worth it. Do yourself a favor, spend the extra money on official blades."
end up with throw it away. very low quality.
Does not look like the picture and arrived broken. Don't buy it
"Honestly, this isn't that great of a hat.<br /><br />It was completely pressed and smashed on order. They take the fez (which is supposed to be a boxy hat) and they shove the whole thing into a box folded up. What I opened up was a crushed hat.<br /><br />It feels like it was slapped together in twenty minutes and thrown out the door. The whole thing feels like a wabbly piece of material rather than a solid, box hat like a fez should be.<br /><br />The image shows a solid hat. What comes in the package is a folded up piece of frabric. You ruined the hat the moment you sent it out the door. What's up with that?<br /><br />The images attached are when I took the product out of the box. Literally. This is how they sent it to me."
This claims to be the same size as the stock prop on the Blackjack 24-inch Catamaran Brushless: RTR.  After receiving this I was shocked that it was a bit smaller than the stock prop.  The shaft hole was also a lot smaller than the stock hole.  You can see in the photo below that this is not the same size at all.  So just a heads up for anyone looking to buy this for the Blackjack 24 inch.
"Arm won't stay on , smaller than expected."
"Very bad product. Its like a ball, never open."
Energy balls activation metal bars operated sporadically.  I had to push too hard to make contacts operate.  Would not work well when using with groups!
"Missing pieces to the couch... Not very happy, this was my sons birthday present and I don't have time to wait around for UPS to pick it up and have no printer and I'd honestly just like the money returned but again don't have time to wait for UPS and don't have a printer.... I do quite a bit of business through you guys and feel a refund would be the right thing for you all to do!"
"terrible will never put these on my quad. MUCH more Unstable. and no true gains from the swap. DJI built the props the way they did for a Reason (DJI Phantom 2 w/ Zenmuse H3-3D Gimbal, GoPro Hero 4 Silver)"
Do not buy!!  They are very thin.  I ordered 2 and 1 of them had a big hole in it and the other balloon was so thin we could hardly blow it up.
This product was the worst item I've ever purchased!  I bought it at Books A Million and returned it the next day!! I would have given it back for FREE!.  I could have cranked that arm for years and never made a snow cone.  The hardest part was explaining how this adorable product was flawed so badly to my children who are crazy over Frozen anything! They need to redo this product and make it work!
Horrible.
Not the item pictured. The item pictures is the Japanese version with the flower in its hair. The item delivered is the much cheaper US version with no flower. Do not buy if you want the flower one that is pictures.
"I was thoroughly disappointed in this toy. The description was unintelligible, however, it did imply the doors open & shut. That is not the case. This is simply a small train with wheels that roll. My boys are completely uninterested in this. I purchased a similar train with doors that open & it is one of their favorite toys."
Very cheaply made
Disappointed in all the plastic.  What happened to the equipment being made out of steel?
Poorly painted
"This plush is a bootleg (unlicensed) knockoff, and can be identified as such by the tag and poor build quality. Don't be lured in by the cheap price. Please do not support piracy by purchasing this item. This practice ultimately harms consumers."
"3 notes out of tune, so this product is unusable.  Company is not responsive to my request for an exchange - we received it as a gift.  Note that this is NOT a Fisher Price toy now - this is a different company that Fisher Price has licensed these old designs to.<br /><br />This company, called Basic Fun, is damaging Fisher Price's brand."
There are no stakes to hold this tent down. It is probably good for a back yard but it's not a good beach tent.
It was defective. It was not the right spin track or bottom
"Hated this, clay broke into several pieces after the kids molded their trees, people and other things.  Very disappointed! ):"
"We bought this boat for our grandson for Christmas.  Since we live in Missouri, we did not try it out while it was still under warranty.  It worked for about 10 minutes in our pond then it went dead.  We have tried everything and it will NOT run.  I was very disappointed in it and feel like it was a big waste of money.  Of course our 7 year old grandson was really upset about it.  I would NOT recommend it!!!!"
Shipping took forever and it arrived broken. Not worth the money.
Not very happy.  There were pieces broken.
"Are you out of your damn mind they are not worth 2,000 you make me sick trying to pull something like that honestly your out of your damn mind"
"1 day after the Amazon return window (30 days), the 3Doodler that I bought for my sister broke. It doesn't work at all after only 1 month, and she saved up and spent her $100 on it. I would definitely NOT recommend this product."
I could have done better using the money at the dollar store.  Right out of the bag 3 toys were broken.
Scaled
Scratch off section did not come off.
"Not a think max and didn't work at all. Opened it up to see if a connection needed re soldering, it looked like a 6 year old made the board. Try a different product."
Crap! Fell apart within minutes. not even worth my time to return.
"the product came when expected, bombs are very nice but I have a problem, buy a pack of 100 bombs and inflate all, many of them not even seized, had no light and other light only lasted two or three hours laterThey put out. I also want to say I never reached my gift purchase. I am frustrated with this purchase"
"Poor quality foam. Slim chance on getting any spare parts or customer service. Nothing against Nassau Hobby just Gemini rc.  Packaged well shipped fast. Flew ok, damaged very easily. Landing gear wouldn't stay on either."
"I am so disappointed!! I just received this today and when I opened the box there was pink beads everywhere. The handle was completely broken and all the beads came off, it isn't fixable. So now my 2 year old has this  tin with no handle. It wouldn't be worth the money to sent it back."
"The handle broke off on the very first day of school.  Looks nice but is too flimsy.  Also, it's a challenge to fit any decent sized lunch in it."
Well my baby did love this toy until the sound broke. Now it just repeats the same part of one tune and none of the buttons work! And I can't return the item because it was only a 30 day return!
Received the red power ranger not pink
"I was very disappointed with the suit.  It was a gift for my friends son.  When he put it on the was printing across the tush &#34;Morphsuit.com&#34;.  I respect their choice to grab free advertising, but there was nothing in the description that informed me it would be on there.  The child wouldn't wear it and I don't blame him.  Returned the suit."
IT DID NOT WORK
This is an ILLEGAL CHINESE counterfeit item! This item is not authorized by Lucas Films. The picture that shows Atar Wars LOGO is NOT the same as this product!
"These are worst gloves I have ever seen, they are a wast of the shipping cost and package cost"
Gift
Don't buy it. The sound quality is bad. Makes a loud annoying sound. We were never really able to use it. Design is great but the quality of sound is horrible. Save your money!
"The most important element - the smashing arm didn't lock into place as it should, so we never actually got to play it.  While Hasbro promised to send a different  game to replace it (not Mashing Max because it was out of stock), it looked to be a design flaw.  Also, this is one of those annoying games that does not fit back into the box after you put it together -  so there is no good way to store it without assembling and disassembling every time you play."
"My grandson was so excited and was playing with it and it's head came off can not be fixed, the first day he rec it. Very upsetting."
"it is absolutely not heavy, you have to assamble it.. it comes with tiny little parts that can easily break and if that happens you are screwed because it wont work, you will take one day to put all pieces together, plus instructions were not in english... once assembled it is like your hands size, you cant even move it too much because pieces will start to fall."
We did not receive this piggy bank and would like the one we ordered. The one we wanted is for a little girl and the picture shows a blue owl with purple wings and stars. We received the owl that is blue with green wings and chevron strip belly.
so dumb even children hate it
I would have given a zero if it was possible. This came with pieces in a Baggie with no picture at all.  Others that I bought of the wooden double sided with the alphabet and/or numbers comes in a wooden box that u build the puzzle in
I was expecting 2 of them in the bix. Mislead by picture and I have to send back because there is no battery cover on the toy.
Receive wrong color. Actual size is just half of the photo. There was a crack on the rubber that holds the sticks.
Messed up rating.
defective right out of the box. kept deflating out of one side and collapsing . not safe for use . very dissapointed
One of the motors was not turning as freely as the 3 others so I could not get it to fly.
"These hats are garbage.  I used it as a stocking stuffer,  the very second time it was used the hat broke and  the tail no longer worked!  Returned"
Popped first use at the pool.
It has no smart functions
"Cards look great, unfortunately this not the full art version pictured above. I instead received the standard foil version."
Its exactly what i asked for except they gave me to two dragon balls that had 3 stars and the dragon ball with the 2 star was missing i wanted the perfect set and now i have to look like a idiot to all my friends that come over and jst notice that i have 2 sets of 3 and no 2 star ball this is unexceptable... the balls are the size of a golf ball or evn smaller
I had been saving up all my pocket money for this car since the beginning of the year. So you could imagine my excitement when the car was delivered today!<br />Guess what- IT DOES NOT COME WITH A REGULAR CHARGER!!  ( it comes with cigarette lighter charger) In what universe does that make sense ??? Does #Traxxas  want me to charge my new car in either one of my parents' cars??? Really bad design idea- mind blown💥💥💥 and now I have to wait 2 more weeks until I can earn money for the regular charger.<br /><br /> Thanks #traxxas you really made my day!!
Gift
"I was disappointed to open this and find the canvas FOLDED in a little box! There is a tear where the folded crease is, and I don't see how this could ever be presentable, as this is in the middle of the picture! The paint pots must have been filled a very long time ago, because they arrived very dry. After trying to make something out of this for a few hours I ended up throwing it away, which is really sad because the picture is really cute. Now I have to find another seller to buy this from who DOESNT fold the canvas and send you solid paint."
popped too easy
DId not get exactly what I ordered.  I ordered 11in. balloons and received a pacage of irregular assorted sizes.
Cute little GIRL'S truck.
"They don't really stick to your face, but considering the price I don't know what I expected."
"The family could not put it together. Several adults tried, and they decided to let the horse go back to the pasture."
It breaks easily and was so difficult
Very poor quality. Ripped the first time children played with it.
"Don't waste your money, they are junk!!!!<br />The rubber bands are to big so the water leaks out right away and half the balloons had pin hole leaks in them!<br />I'd give no stars, but they won't let me."
Broke within 5 minutes.
Like the keychain. Just be aware that you only get one. I was expecting 6 as pictured and the description says assorted.
I pull the thing out and the solder joint breaks immediately? Not good
if possible I would give it zero stars .... its a cheap thin &#34;puzzle&#34; the pieces wont even stay together
Terrible quality I never going to buy a toy online there are super small and bad quality they just look terrible
"Every time my child plays with this it falls apart . He hates it, I hate it!<br />It was difficult to assemble.<br />A huge wastes of money!!!"
Makes kid fall.
When I got it I was like I could of just printed it haha and I gave it to some one
"Whem I order a buzz lightyear ,I had a order the brand new toy.I don't know I received a used one.I hope the price will be charge me  referent an used."
Gift
The propellers are too fragile.  My boat came with two propellers and two replacement propellers.  Three of the four cracked on the motor stem after their first use.  So unfortunately my boat only had three successful rides before it was laid to rest!  Disappointed.
Very small and not real looking at all.
Did not help at all with my dog training
"It arrived on time, but had a hole in it. We were unable to use it for our party."
Delivered on August 6th.  Doesn't work on August 25th.
This is made very poorly fell apart right away my daughter was very disappointed in this product
"Quality is not good. It's so light and my son almost flip up! So dangerous for kid!<br />Besides, the plastice create electric shock!"
"Came with burnt spots where the lights go, maybe it was a returned product but wasn't too happy with it!"
No launcher received with this. Very disappointing.
Just received these and I cannot be more displeased.  The box was completely crushed and shows signs of leaking!  All of this had to have happened PRIOR to shipping as everything else in the box was completely UNHARMED!<br /><br />Don't bother wasting your money!
"Didn't work, had to return it."
"This is the second one of these tried out -- a replacement for an unsatisfactory first one -- they both simply don't have the suction force necessary to meet their advertising. Impossible to capture even very small, slow-flying insects nor most perched on vegetation. I would return except that I missed the return date by two days."
Expensive!!!!!!!! horrible! No sale !!
"My son received this for his third birthday and I was so excited to have it for longer trips in the car. Turns out I feel horrible for the family member that spent money on this because the markers don't show up at all. They smell horrible and have a strong odor but just leave behind a barely tinted wetness where it's supposed to be &#34;color&#34;. Absolutely useless. What a fail, Crayola!"
It was way smaller than expected :(
Wasn't the right size...I ask for a trailer to fit pergo battery operated tractor....too much of a hassle to return...
Should've listened to the other reviewers. Thing sinks half the time and is just boring. Our 1 year old isn't at all interested in it.
"These are the worst sunglasses ever! They are very poorly made. Do not ever stay on a child. The lenses pop out all the time. They are junk! The animal print kid sunglasses for sale here are much much better. My 3 year old daughter got those at a birthday party over a year ago and has worn them a ton and they are still fine. She just has been clamoring for a blue pair and we didn't want to get an expensive pair we would be upset to lose, and I assumed they would be a similar quality to similar bags of multiple plastic kid glasses but they aren't made well enough to stay on a kid's ears. Do not buy these unless you want very frustrated and disappointed kids."
Was not Lego product but advertised as such
"Very poor Quality!  It' wont stay on the side of the tub at all.  Such a disappointment!<br />It is a nice idea for a &#34;cool Toy&#34;, but it lacks key components to make it work properly!"
DOLLAR STORE GARBAGE QUALITY DONT BUY!!!!  VERY DISAPPOINTED.  TOTAL RIPOFF!!!
Not one of these worked. Zero. Water seeped out of them all.  Bought this product from a different company before..and those worked great. These were total rip off and my sons seventh birthday party happened without water balloons
"What a P.O.S.!!!!  Rather than  explain the details, as to why I am returning the airplane  just know that this product is (in my &#34;non novice&#34; opinion); is priced entirely too high.  It is not user friendly and appears to be cheaply put together... difficult to use and not worth the money!  One of the reviewers on amazon stated &#34;panic mode my ass,&#34; when referencing part of the plane's operational &#34;simplicity.  I NOW agree with that particular critic.  Save your money.  Buyer beware."
It was supposed to be Blue/Black...it was Green/Brown. Someone should seriously review the color wheel.
Quality poor
Arm joint broken in package
"ABSOLUTE CRAP!  DON'T BUY THESE and if your do, CANCEL IT BEFORE IT ARRIVES!!!<br />TOTAL RIP-OFF!.  If I wasn't using them to give to children with Cancer, I too would have sent them back but Mickey and Friends is enough to keep these little troopers happy thru the Xray exam.<br />  Each ribbon has little micro stickers with about 20 1cm,2cm,3cm and a few 4cm stickers on them.  The tape that holds the ribbon in the packing then rips the stickers when trying to get to them.  Insulting to the buyer,.....WASTE OF MONEY, WASTE OF MONEY, WASTE OF MONEY!!!!!<br />(-)minus 10 STARTS"
"Horrible! The packaging says these are appropriate for as young as 12 months. My 14 month was able to get the crayon out of the holder and it became a choking hazard! Once it was out, it wouldn't pop back in and stay in so I had to just toss them. Would never buy again. Definitely disappointed in Crayola."
"Not a good quality, not what was pictured."
The quality did not meet our needs at all.
"balloons look old and and stained yellow , like old looking , and I don't think they were worth what I paid for them. I was disappointed"
"Horrible, it's  just one full charge, and after that  we can't  charge again"
Very disappointed because I order purple verified purple and received a red slinky.  To much effort to return which makes it even more disappointing.
First one didn't work at all.  Second one barely worked.
No tiddlywinks were included on the package!
"Great candle but didn't play music as the box described.  Consequently, wasn't happy with that."
I love this gadget; however it only worked once.
Not live caterpillars just empty cup
"All the glue were dried out. I was not very please, I don't think they check before they sent it out. Return it and bought different brand."
Gave as a gift.
The hat was adult size and the whistle wad t carved good for sound. You get what you get for the price
Too much air...bubbles wouldn't let sand fall👎🏻👎🏻
Not waterproof. Pass this up. Save your money and buy something else. Stopped working after first use. Gonna try to return it.
Never got a chance to try it out since it did not stay inflated--it must have had a hole from the beginning.
Sent a completely different puzzle instead. &#34;Pebbles&#34;?<br />This was a gift to my Mom. Too complicated to return. It was sent directly to her. Disappointing.
"You only get one for this price, shows 3 beware"
"It was great FOR 1 WEEK.  Then the one wheel would not turn.  I contacted  seller who advised me the issue was the user not  balancing the scooter. I have 2 of these scooters, I know how they work, this is not user error.  The scooter  is defective after 1 week of use. It was a blast the first week, my son and I would ride them all over the neighborhood! I found it very easy to use and I am not the most coordinated person. I would only recommend this if there was a better troubleshooting/help line to assist when issues arise. Very disappointing that I paid so much for a product that only last 1 week."
It already broke.
"I bought LDrago on 08-08-2015.as a gift for my grandson, who specifically asked for it. He has good experience. But on the second attempt,the launchers holding point broke and the blade had become useless. Not only have I lost money, it was agreed disappointment for my grandson.<br />Further, no other launcher can play LDrago . I requested for a replacement but no response. As can be seen, I am a regular customer for Amazon  and Amazon.in. There was no rough handling or launcher but a manufacturing defect. I sincerely hope the seller would replace the white  launcher for the above blade and Amazon should insist on that. Thank you."
It's cheaply made. The seams started to rip within one day.
Purchased for my grandsons  birth day gift he only played with it 5 minutes and the cab broke off
I was disappointed with the set because one doesn't work at all and the other only sometimes even tho it is In full sun on my windowsill.  I did receive a credit for one half of my purchase but I would never order this again.  Very disappointed because I think they are cute.
"Do not buy, cheap and flimsy and packaging and delivery was disappointing box was wrapped in tape and falling apart."
It was broken when I got it....  very disappointed.  And it looks extremely cheap.
"I received by Syma and was excited to test it out.  I'm not inexperienced with quadcopters.  I have a Hubsan and a VL Toys.  I turned on the Syma and everything seemed normal.  About 2 minutes into the flight, I took it up to about 20 ft altitude and it apparently lost communication with the transmitter for some reason.  The lights on the drone blinked and I had no control.  Instead of powering down, the quadcopter continued to rise and rise and rise.  Once it got high enough, the wind blew it into the woods, never to be found again.  :(  Not pleased."
Just what we wanted...arrived on time...thanks
"Expensive receiver and doesn't even support PPM. Do yourself a favor and get an OrangeRX R820x. It is also 8 channel, supports PPM, and INCLUDES TELEMETRY."
Don't buy it because it fell  apart first try
Not good quality
"Great Tool, but if you have even a slightly old Windows computer, the driver software will not download, and the device will not be recognized. I'd suggest only using with Mac Computers"
Only one lil squishy toy and it's not even squishy!!! Is a one inch toy for the price you charge. So tiny. My granddaughter thought that there would be more than one. Her words &#34;this sucks&#34; u got a star because she enjoyed opening the package.
I got 48 way cheaper looking gliders. Not what I paid for. The ones I got do not have print on the bottom of the wings or the tail.
"It leaks out the bottom. I returned the first one, thinking it was just a defect, but the second one I got leaked as well! Disappointed. Now I have to lug another big box back to UPS and find a different water table. :("
Item broken after one use.
"Boat instantly began taking on water. The water caused boat to sink litterally every 5 minutes, requiring me to shake the water out of two small holes (?!) Sorry to say, but this was a waste of money. The holes Mentioned were pre-drilled holes, with no indication or direction that they needed to be plugged or sealed prior to use, so either this was completely overlooked, or this is just a huge design flaw.<br />Perhaps renaming the toy to &#34;Holy Submarine&#34; would be more appropriate."
Crap!!! All we got was crappy little &#34;charms.&#34; Total waste of money!
Dropped once broke
The design does not make good bubbles. This product frustrated me.
"this seems like a good deal, then you get the packs. As you're excited you open one by one seeing all the shiny, hopefully awesome, cards you've just obtained for a great price. Then you Notice you pulled the same three cards in three of the six packs as well as other duplicates of no worth. Either they were tampered with or they are packs that were weighed. I've learned my lesson to buy sealed box sets or single cards from now on."
Gift
No sticker
"Too skinny and it doesn't sit it just rolls over....the fur is coming off all over, and the stuffing is coming out of the bear. Item is not as described....its 30 inch long only...plz do not buy this itam .."
Way too small of my expectation
I got the pendant and they spelled Rumpelstiltskin's name wrong.  They spelled it Rumpelrstiltskin.  Their quality sucks .  I know it was an inexpensive but still it's crap .  So very sad .
I was very upset with my Brandon Marshall figure as the box containing  my player is bent and disfigured upon opening it. This was supposed to be a birthday gift for someone for tonight and he is going to open up a box  that definitely does not look new. Very disappointing.
My grandchildren love building with Zoobs but the rescue ranger and mountain climber do not work and they broke immediately.
My grandchildren love building with Zoobs but the rescue ranger and mountain climber do not work and they broke immediately.
As soon as I opened the package the front right tire and fender broke off. Very disappointed because of the price I paid.
"This product is garbage, soon as you put both legs and move they pop."
Didn't work. Package was opened previously.
"high level witches are afraid to play it.<br /><br />It's called the christian game, because only christians are dumb enough to play it.<br /><br />It has the most darkess powers on it."
First of all she might look cute but once u get her she doesn't look as cute as in the picture<br />Do not buy this!!!
"For some time i was looking where to buy this kind off boat ,and i knew there is fakes around so picture look like a real &#34;EAL&#34; boat with extra battery,but what i got was fake boat not &#34;EAL&#34; but some kind &#34;lingbangsanzi&#34; name the, sealer around the boat is pealing off ,turn on and off switch is fake ,battery is damaged both off them and not charging ,"
Item began to lose air and deflate within an hour of inflating. Dont waste your money
Stool is so tiny & flimsy
Waste of money
"Cute toy and my son loved it, but the pull cord stopped working about a month after he got it. So it was too late to return it and now we have a broken toy. Disappointing!"
"It doesn't do what it's supposed to do, an air horn is supposed to give you a nice air horn sound that blast the whole room, this product only gives off a high pitched sound that gives head aches then enjoyment"
Disappointed. It does not hold air.
Worked great initially then just suddenly stopped. Perfect for a sensory kid while it lasted!
"DOES NOT INCLUDE COIN CODE, DO NOT BUY"
This is worth about $150 do not buy.
This was the one of the worste things you can spend your money on. Don't buy it or your girl will brake up with you.
Very Poor Quality
My 3 year old loves the items but they don't close any more. They expanded I think in the different climate and will not work now. Not sure what to do. I bought 2sets and they both won't work.
This did not work plus the package was damage; not worth buying.
These pencil points keeping breaking even tho I am careful in storing them. Very dissatisfied.
This was cheaply made I thought.
It will get stuck in your child's hair instantly. And is worse then gum. Have your child use a shower cap when playing with these. (Long hair of course.)
"I thought this might be cute, silly, and kind of fun...it was so lame I threw it away."
These things are far too fragile. Unfortunately unless you go with a custom carbon fiber design you are stuck with these. The cost and make of the case caused me to build my own quads from scratch.
junk
"Bought to put a gift in it but nothing would fit, they don't show the side view because there is no dimension from the side.  This bag doesn't even stand up by itself because there is no bottom! It is perfectly flat, all you can do is tape it to a wall for decoration. To top it off they charged me the full price when it said it was an add on for a buck.  Very disappointed, I usually have better luck with amazon products."
Every crayon was broken & out of the box when they arrived
They broke
My poor 6 year old little boy spent 3.5 hours putting this together just to find out the whole other leg of the figure was missing.
"DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!! Product is very hard to get off of skin! The girls also said it was very itchy. It says remove tattoo with facial cleanser or wipe; it does not work! I tried wipes, washcloth, soap, hot water soak, lotion, and makeup remover. It took three 9 year olds over 40 minutes to get their tattoos off. Finally had them rub makeup remover on liberally and wait for 15 minutes. It finally came off. They are now dealing with red, raw areas above and below the eyes."
"F*CKING GARBAGE! DO NOT PURCHASE THIS! It's basically the same as a kid's birthday party decoration, and nothing like the photo shows. Not worth more than $3."
These are by no means 5inches very dissatisfied
This chair is made with v ery poor quality ive gad to r eplace it twice in not even a months time my baby is 20 months and 25 lbs why in the world does the stitchi n g under the bottom keep coming apart......
I regret purchasing this item. It was a pain (for my husband) to put together. Chains are cheap. I honestly bought it because it was blue and matched my daughter's swing set but it is too expensive for the quality
No because when we got it it was damaged.
The toy never worked
"Small, it is so small! Very cheaply constructed, paint lines are off, plastic is unevenly formed. Item broke within a matter of minutes. Not satisfied."
Very cute toy but the pin connecting the arm comes out almost immediately. We couldn't get it to stay in place and had to return it. Very disappointed little boy...
This particular item did not fit my Hubsan X4 (H107C). The motors had a smaller diameter.
Gift
My son loved getting these figures however the pieces on them are very small and do not stay on well. The figures have a very unusual not nice smell to them.
Not so good was very old and did not work at all!:-(
"I followed the directions on the package, and the squishez over hydrated and started breaking when I touched them. Now I am attempting to dry them out and they have been laid out on towels and they have been there for the whole day then the whole night and have not at all gotten smaller. Also you cannot contact the seller all I can do is write a review and they wont do anything about my order?"
Waste of money partly my fault not thinking about the size and just looking at the picture  but these cones are smaller than my hand....you can't do nothing with these
Doesnt glow in the dark
I love board games. Hate this one.  Really dumb
"Very disappointed, not 5 inches by any means, would not spend the money"
terrible quality. the arms kept falling off straight out of the packaging. the color was chipped in places and did not match the characters. really seemed like knockoffs.
"Not at all. Ordered justice League,  got simpsons."
"Buyers beware.  I looked on youtube about this exact product, but thought there was no way it could be wrong being it was on Amazon.  There's a little sticker on the back side that you need to look for, this makes it authentic.  It's definitely not on this one.  No point in going any further with the comments, it broke within 2 months."
"If you're going for the Hunter S Thompson look from 'Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas' you should know there is no circle in between the lens. Also,  these glasses are super uncomfortable. In place of arms there are stretchy metal coils that wrap around your ear and dig into the back of it. It's so bad I hardly ever wear them."
"Two attempts so far, and I haven't gotten the right product..."
"It's cute but not worth what I paid for it. The headband would pull the crown flat against my 2yr olds head and there was no way to anchor or fasten it too her hair.<br />We had it less than 5 days and the crown snapped off rendering this product useless and I was unable to glue it back on because of the tension of the headband portion. oh well, lessons learned."
This is an awful 3D printed lens cap. It will not work if you use the stock gimble lock and it broke apart as soon as I tried to get it on the camera.<br /><br />DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS!<br /><br />Find a nice silicone lens cap out there somewhere.
"Disney, you cheapskates, there are six fairies and you only include five of them. Where is Silvermist????"
The product come damaged.The edge of box lid was ripped and box itself was warped. No contents were damaged but whenever I close the box I have to find the right place to fitting in. It's ridiculous. Since I'm bothered to return it and get it again I taped the ripped part and just keeping it.
The top to get to the bubbles is very hard to open and we had to use scissors. Then the wand is so little that even my classes little hands could not get it out and most of them ended up dumping all the bubbles out just to get to the wand. I recommended they take it home and have their parents use tweezers to pull the wand out.
Super disappointed. I own most of the other sets and I love them. These showed up with horrible paint jobs. I love my other sets but this set had issues with almost every animal.
Not sure if we just got a lemon or not but my sons cube fell apart in about a week.  He was so excited to get the 2x2.  I felt so bad when it broke on him.  Beware.  I watched him play with it and I do not think he did anything out of the ordinary while using the cube to make it fall apart like it did.
"Maybe we had a defective ball, but this one popped within 20 seconds!"
"The color on the mask is brown. I ended up taping it off and spray painting it to red b/c it was so off. The costume snags and gets pulls from the smallest piece of the velcro touching it and I still haven't figure out a way to keep the shell from falling off. I got it for $9 and I'm glad for that b/c if I spent $20 on it, I'd be pretty mad. My son loves it and wasn't even phased by the brown mask, but it really bugged me so I'm posting a picture."
My daughter loved it but it was made of cheap material and she had it on less than 10 minutes and it broke off and is permanently lost.  Definitely not worth waiting a month for and not worth the cost of shipping.
"DIDN'T HOLD UP WELL AT ALL.  KIDS LOVED IT WHILE IT LASTED.  AFTER A FEW WEEKS, IT GOT HOLES IN IT AND THAT WAS IT.<br />IN THE GARBAGE. WOULD NOT BUY AGAIN."
The wheel broke after 1 use.
Not close to adult sizes and it is not mentioned in the description.
It's on the cheaply made side. When u put a water bottle in the lunch box it gets weighed down so the batman sign is scrunched and I'm sure after a couple weeks the material will rip cause it's that cheaply made.bro<br /><br />My other 4 year old son has a spider man lunch box that he has been using everyday for the past 6 months and it's holding up really well! This lunch box was $16.99!<br /><br />I should return the batman but my son has been waiting for his &#34;batman&#34; lunch box to use for school.... He's been using his baby brothers milk bad as a lunch box for over a week. 😒
Super tiny
Not worth the money.  Kept falling off the bed.  Looking for something a little more sturdy.
this car sucks
"Only the blouse was the right size, everything else was wrong and had to be replaced... just buy the real stuff."
It dont work the red light comes on but it dont record on the sd card
Very sluggish. Barely ran on asphalt. Get the Jeep instead. You can use the board in this car to setup a second Jeep on a different frequency to run two Jeeps at same time.
Very disappointed with this product! It can folded. the words are very smaller than what's on the website. Don't waste your money on this product
These balloons were terrible! They didn't deal properly and just swirted water everywhere. Very disappointing product!
Falsely advertised. The picture shows different trucks. We got a box of cheap plastic vehicles that are all the same truck.
The Gun is terrible. It sticks and gets stuck when trying to fire. I ordered this for my granddaughters birthday. I ordered it a head of time and now I missed my window to return it. So now I'm stuck with a gun that doesn't work. Will never order from here again.
It only worked for 5minutes... Then the water didn't come out anymore
"not what id expected it to be, lack of posing when it mean it cant bend its leg, i dont know why people make these kind model.Gonna return back"
Needs to be banned upon release.
Pricey for the products of cheap material.
Not made for young children. I have a 5 yr old and she broke it with in 2 days. The plastic is not durable and cracks easily. I have purchased 2 of the these water bottles and both have cracked on the bottom.
"The shafts the plastic balls are on, are flimsy and bendy"
"Joystick is crappy, works 50% of the time."
"Just lasted for 5 min before the balancer broke. The heli looked very good but without the balancer, the heli will not take off."
VERY CHEAP
This product is really terrible quality.  It is very cheaply made.  I would not recommend this to anyone.
These fell off the wall after the first day.  Not a good product.
Both of ours came with rips in the seam and one of them was actually moldy. My husband decided it wasn't worth it to return them so he mended them and cleaned the one. After that they were fine but who wants ripped and moldy product straight out of the box?
The first 3 balls had major leaks.<br />Fourth ball ok so far<br />have not tried the other balls
"Bought this as a prize for my sons first birthday party and all the kids wanted to win it. Sadly, it broke within 5 minutes of using it. Cheap. Don't waste your money."
"The design is really cute, and the price is appealing, considering similar toys in name brands are around $20-30. But this toy is shipped from China, so it took forever to get it. Besides the quality is quite poor. When I tried to install the batteries, it took me an hour to unscrew one of the screws, and the other screw was unable to be loosened even it was totally worn out. I ended up not being able to insert the batteries. I was worried my baby might swallow those undependable screws, so I threw the toy away."
I could not get it to work properly.  I looked on youtube and reviewers there could not either.  The head moves and makes such a loud motorized sound that it takes away from the voice.  I got it to say 6 sayings.  I sent it back. The clothing and size were nice.
The kids were so excited but the wand did not last the day.First the sound goes and then the it only lights up for another day and now nothing . I sugest you do not buy this item
This dress is too itchy and was missing the belt! My daughter would wear it :(
"The camera is not working properly neither in doors nor out doors, unfortunately am not living in USA to return this product to the seller otherwise i will pay 50 $ to send it back to the seller.<br />i do not recommend this product at all."
"This wand was supposed to have a &#34;swooshing&#34; sound, but I was sent a princess twinkling sounding one.  Not a happy customer.  Seems like they have replaced the product and not the description.  Buyer beware."
"This product does not work, and nothing like I thought it was.. Should have been a working tablet and it does nothing.  Its a fake tablet that has a place to put batteries in it but once you put the batteries in it the product still does nothing... Requested a refund for all 3 that I ordered.."
This was very flimsy and didn't stay upright. I am returning the item.
Tadpole was dead
"I'm 55, a young 55 -  I Did not know this game was so raunchy - it was on my 25 year old's Christmas list and we played Christmas evening.  Had all ages there from 75 to 15 years old, and it was quite embarrassing although everyone took it in stride and we had a good enough time with it -  but won't be playing again any time soon.  will stick to apples to apples - much better family game."
Got a Cube Twist brand that was just a 3x3 with pieces glued on top.
Very deceiving. I thought that both mermaids came with it.
Could not get it to work.  Bought a different brand...success!  Maybe because I was trying it on a single motor kite was the problem?????
magazine began jamming immediately until we boxed it up and sent it back
I just got the set today. What a rip off. Not worth 1/2 the price I paid
It was so small my child was very disappointed .. im going to stop ordering from amazon ....
Broke after 2 mins of play.  Not good at all.
"Completely useless, color isn't right easily breakable etc"
A piece of junk!
We purchased this product and in less then an hour it poped sending my 5 kids in a frinzy of tantrums.
"Definitely should have listened to the other reviews! This set is so, so small! We returned it."
Great toy and sculpt but it's so sad that their joints are made of cleat plastic. Arms broke and I'm only happy that I didn't pay much
"Don't even bother, you'Il be sorry if you buy this!"
"She doesn't look like this when you get her in the mail. Her face looks different, her feet are ugly and just weird, and within a few weeks one of her eye lashes fell off."
"Our 7-year old bough this with his own money, waited by the mailbox eagerly for days and ultimately received a unit that didn't work at all. We returned it and bought a new one. This one lasted only a couple of months and now has a short in the wiring that has crippled it. A waste of well-earned money."
It was fun for a few min. and them it broke...
Very disappointed in these card holders.  Threw them away because the glue stuck to the playing cards and ruined the deck.
Step ripped after two hours of being blown up.
"The picture and description make this sound like full-size easel paper, when indeed this is meant for a tiny tabletop easel. Bad description = unusable!"
"Poorly made, doesn't really work. More annoying then fun to play with."
Only one lil squishy toy and it's not even squishy!!! Is a one inch toy for the price you charge. So tiny. My granddaughter thought that there would be more than one. Her words &#34;this sucks&#34;
Lunch bag lasted less than a week.  Zipper broke.
Doesn't work with the hexbug nano climbing sets.
"In my first view it said backpack that is why I ordered this for my grandson, was disappointed when it was delivered."
Not for children. Plays only hard chords and sounds like someone hitting a trash can lid. Don't waste your money. 👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻
Gift
Not at all what it looked like on the picture. Waste of money and never worked. Couldn't even be bothered to return it. We chalked this one up to experience.
"This tent did not make it through one night. First of all, two people will not fit in this tent unless they are children under 4 ft tall. I'm 5'6&#34; and I could not stretch out in the tent. As I prepared for sleep at night, the insider zipper on one side simply broke, meaning the steel zipper itself broke, rendering it unusable. On the other side, the zipper kept jamming. I had to sleep with the front flap partially closed (photos attached).<br /><br />Wouldn't recommend this tent at all."
this is soooooooooo over priced i bought the same on off of amazon for $30.00 and the only difference is that this one comes with gloves  that i got at claries for 3 bucks do not buy!!!!!!!!!!!! even the one for 30.00 is horrible quality
Had one gear stripped when I purchase it
"Rainbow is nothing like the images displayed. In a pitch dark room, we were able to get maybe 12-18 inches of rainbow an inch or two thick at a range of maybe 2 feet. Very disappointing for what we hoped for our 4-year old and what she had been most excited about for her birthday (before turning on and seeing what it actually does/doesn't). Also, why not include an AC adapter?! Net: you probably want to find something else..."
We bought these items in April after I saw what I thought was a good deal and prepping for the river. One of the floats didnt make it past the initial inflate. It started to separate at the mesh seam. Since i ordered it too  in advance i can not return our replace.
Worthless and a waste of money.
"I was  actually very disappointed apon receiving this &#34;stress&#34; toy. To me it seemed more like a toy that belonged in a crib, not to be used for stress. I wish that I did not get this toy because it broke the first day of use and I had to end up throwing it away anyway. Overall, I was very upset."
"Not worth the money.  I did not realize everything was fake.  Cardboard powder, cardboard blush, cardboard etc."
"Nasty, nasty, nasty!"
Not maded very good for the price.
Very cheap.... i am going to buy better quality ones for my sons birthday party.... i can't return because we don't have Prime and it would cost almost what they cost to send them back.... think twice before you buy
Didn't work from the minute I got it.
Kids didn't really like it.
Can not get it to stand.No directions.So not sure if its filled correctly.Want my money back but I threw away all the paper work.My grandson loves it.He carries it around.😢
I ordered 3 of these RS400's and they arrived as kits so I returned them and ordered 3 more which just arrived and they are also kits.  How can I order the assembled RQ400 model?
They are not stickers do not purchase.  when you say sticker some part must be sticky yeah!
Flight times were drastically reduced after installation and batteries were very hot when removed. I went from about four minutes of flight to a flight of a little more than two minutes. I called Horizon Hobby and was told this is normal since there is a much larger current draw. I've switched back to the standard motor since I don't like the reduced flying time. It's been a  waste of money for me.
"ordered Crayola, because I wanted quality. Got this Prang brand. Swicheroo much?? What the heck?"
no wings in the box
"My son bought this at a museum gift shop.  It looks like it could be fun and a good learning kit, but his came without the manual.  I contacted their support, but have heard nothing back, and the only manual they have online is a just a few sample pages."
Does not fit with Bachmann track. A waste of good money.
Huge mess!! I got rid of this about 6 months ago because I was tired of picking up the magnets and I'm still finding them!
Very small and not well constructed
"Multiple different areas to blow up. The valves are like those on a beach ball. Once blown up, which took over an hour, the set was fun. Not easy to deflate and store.Plus, after all that work, you are not likely to pull out on a moments notice. You do need the run the hose, which makes the water cold. Overall, not worth the money."
"I bought this bag for my daughter's first trip to the beach so she could carry her sand toys.  I thought she would love the backpack style as it would make it easy for her to carry the bag herself.  Her dad packed the toys for her, while we were standing in the hotel room, as we were getting ready for our first day on the beach.  He went to put the backpack on our daughter, and one of the straps completely tore off of the bag, making it pretty much useless as a backpack.  Terrible quality.  My daughter didn't even get to use the backpack one time before it became trash.  I ended up carrying it for her for the remaining days of our trip since we needed a bag for her toys....after we got home, straight in the trash it went.  Waste of money."
Not worth the money. We own everything 'Monster Jam' and I was really excited for something new but this was a disappointment. It is very flimsy and does not stay standing very well. If the arms would lock somehow it wouldn't be so bad. We are going to get a piece of finished wood and screw the legs down and glue the pieces together. It's the only solution we can find to make this toy functional.
"total piece of s***, showed up broken, the only lights are red, there aren't even rhinestones it's just a whole painted different colors"
Flimsy mushroom collapses easily does not stay upright. Have to constantly inflate in order for my kids to enjoy a day with this pool. Only used this pool 5 times...do not waste your time or money.
"one of the worst doll qualities ever! Plus, the doll an the box were in a bad condition!!!"
"This is a defective product. And Home Decorators response to the problem was weak.<br />Within a month of receiving this stool, it developed a bad case of thick grey-black mold. I like the shape and look of the stool and so I washed it, then saturated it with an anti-mold solution, thoroughly brushed the solution into the fibers inside and out, rinsed and dried it, sprayed it again with the anti-mild solution and left it in the sun to thoroughly dry. This &#34;overkill&#34; approach took well over 3 hours. Now a couple of months later the mold is back, as bad as ever. So, I called customer service which invoked its 90 day return policy. I'm past the 90 days. She did give me a credit of $12 but that barely covers the shipping cost I paid to get the stool. Bad product. Bad service. Not happy."
Really cool looking figure that is colorful and pretty accurate to the movie. But I have some issues with it. First it is not very poseable. Second and this is very crucial and I am very surprised that the maker &#34;Tomy&#34; would allow this is that the top flame piece pops out. It is very cheaply glued on (personally it should have been bolted from the inside with molded in-place peg which secures in place by figure halves) this is a very bad design that can potentially be a safety choking hazard for small children that find the piece and then place in their mouths. Also some of these figures don't work with play sets that cause them to light-up and contacting the company &#34;Tomy&#34; is very difficult when they give you the third degree with questions. And when you send them a video of the faulty action they still want more proof. Ultimately you are better off returning the figures where you purchased them from. Remember these flaws when purchasing.
"Ordered this for my 12 year old son.  Got the size recommended by their sizing chart, but it was way too small.  Also has their logo &#34;Morphsuits&#34; in fairly large white lettering on the rear end making it totally useless for the costume we wanted."
I recently purchased model no. 595. I forgot my password. Following the instructions in the pamphlet it will not let me erase all of the information. I have repeated the procedure several times. It keeps asking for a pin. When I press and hold the erase key it puts an a and waits for additional pass code numbers<br />Request assistance. I sent an email to customerservic@reczonellc.com - and of course no reply.
"There are like 4 different designs/sheets, they have religious sayings on them and they aren't irredescent."
didnt work on arrival!
"I ordered this set to go along with my purchase of the Dromida Green Ominus Quadcopter, which this review is really focused on.  The quadcopter broke beyond repair the first day we had it.  Flying it above grass, one less than soft landing later, one of the plastic arms supporting one of the blades cracked.  I returned it for a full refund from Amazon."
Not bendy or flexible at all.  Feels like wearing cardboard on your face.
Garbage.  I threw it out. Not what I expected.
They may look great but they are garbage the tie rod is alright but the actual links are to long and they completely limit your flex
Very cute it arrived very quickly but very cheap it broke the first day I only had about 3 minutes and it fell from the magnet to the floor and broke the magnetic is so weak it will not even hold itself
Said 1st edition received unlimited. Terrible. I did not pay nearly 50 bucks for a unlimited Denkko
"Too flexible.  Can't get smooth curves because it wants to collapse under it's own weight, so cars just jump off the track.  Forget the loop-d-loop.  If you can make a surface with the curvatures you want to put underneath it (pillows, boxes, blocks etc) it works ok, but otherwise it was more frustrating to me and my 4 year old than it was worth."
"The game that shipped was not &#34;Beat the Parents&#34; but rather &#34;Meet the Parents&#34;, where the questions asks the kids how they think their parents would answer. It is a completely different game and not nearly as fun, nor what I had wanted to get my niece. I am very disappointed the wrong game was shipped."
DIAMOND SWORD MISSING  INCOMPLETE ORDER
VERY POOR QUALITY - MADE TO LAST ABOUT 5 MINUTES - HORRIBLE PRODUCT - DO NOT BUY THIS
1 star because the rope pulled out of the metal grommet after a few light uses by grand kids. 5 stars for prompt customer service from mfg. who sent a replacement unit at no charge.
"When the package arrived, the packaging was soaked and dissolved once it was taken out of the plastic wrapping. Out of the 24 bubbles, only 3 had the lids screwed on tight, the rest of the bubbles were half empty and leaking - labels on the bubbles were soapy and wet and all peeled off when touched gently.. I had to throw them all away!  These were for my son's 2nd birthday party and we didn't get to use them- very disappointed!"
"This is a garbage. the packaging and the photography shows it wrong.. It comes missing one foot.. and everything was fall down, and the eyes.. OMG!!! do not waste your money."
You can't really hear the sound its very low
This product is paper. Mine easily ripped
"I only received 12 crayons, not 12 boxes as it is described. What a rip off!!! Don't buy these!"
The teddy was missing!
"The fact that the batteries don't fit correctly is a dealbreaker. I don't have time to fiddle with it to get it just right, but then *don't breathe!* because they will come loose. We have two quads, and we just use the two usb chargers that come with them to charge two at a time.<br /><br />Waste of 10 bucks."
"The Oatmeal is an egotistical self-righteous rag and this product further shows it's about turning a profit rather than producing a product people want. The jokes aren't funny and this whole thing, with as much money that it got funded with isn't really a good indication of money well spent."
Really cool looking figure that is colorful and pretty accurate to the movie. But I have some issues with it. First it is not very poseable and cannot stand on her own and the ball doesn't stay in-place like shown on pictures.  Second the figure is very delicate and the paint on the hair rubs out very easily and right away. Also the figure I received didn't work with the play sets that cause them to light-up and contacting the company &#34;Tomy&#34; is very difficult when they give you the third degree with questions. And when you send them a video of the faulty action they still want more proof. All these figures are a bad design by the maker.Ultimately you are better off returning the figure where you purchased it from. Remember these flaws when purchasing.
Gift
they are asking way to much for this house bought one from walmart for 138.00 I would not pay more than 200.00 for this house not worth anymore that that...
This wasn't what I expected.<br />I wasted my money.
In the packages only one out of 5 would light. Would never buy again.
Terrible incarnation of the game.<br />The pieces don't make sense.
"This bubble gun is horrible! It is extremely loud and obnoxious.  It sounds like an automatic machine gun and makes very violent comments; something like &#34;Fire! Fire! Load your weapon&#34;.  Also, it's really difficult to add the bubble solution and if is not exactly in the horizontal position the solution leaks out the nozzle or the &#34;cartridge&#34;.  I really hate it and would return it if we hadn't already used it."
Camera came in a packed that was opened and scotch taped shut. Doesn't work the pics that are supposed to show up don't. it just lights up and talks but no image.
"I got it, and it wont even open! It comes with a SINGLE key that doesnt open the lock! SO GETTING MY MONEY BACK FOR THIS PIECE OF GARBAGE! Would have liked to have known that it wasn't a DURABLE hard cover, but the whole thing is like a cheap pad of notebook paper with fabric over it. It does NOT have Sequins as described but rather shiny metallic spot on the fabric. I don't think it is going to last through the day, the binding on it is HORRIBLE, but it does have a unique locking design, too bad it only comes with one key, and the fabric is loose on the journal. I do NOT recommend this."
"Awful product.  Doesn't shut off, and when it does, it goes on by itself (even when not in water!)  Purchased this as a gift for my 4 year old... it went in the trash maybe a month later.  Horrible waste of money."
Was very old and dusty and not well put together maybe from being on the shelf for too long very disappointed and very disappointed in the price as well
I like a few others received the correct card but it had a noticeable bend that automatically makes it untradeable or hard to resell. Boooo it was listed under new as well...
"This is advertised as an &#34;indoor fun&#34; toy on the package, but the dart weight is heavier than nerf type products, and could easily damage a lamp or other breakables. The suction cup is poor quality and does not stick well to indoor surfaces. It includes &#34;removable targets&#34; which are actually only ordinary adhesive stickers, not vinyl peels, which could easily damage walls. This is more an outdoor glider toy, for which purpose it is very overpriced."
Not as shown in the picture. Hood is not attached. Neckline is not even hemmed. The only reason I gave one star is that my four year old likes it.
"Way too short in height for age posted. I have three kids that are the size of a 2, 3 and 4 year old. None of them fit on it."
"It didn't work. Not one balloon sealed. However, the seller provided a prompt refund."
Didn't like it but guess it would be if you like it
"These markers were all dried out when I got them and unusable. Not even one of them worked, which is the same thing I got when I purchased them in the store, hence the online order of more. Wouldn't recommend! Waste of money!!!"
"These dolls are described as 1:12 scale and they most certainly are NOT.  1:12 scale means one inch is equal to a foot.  The adult figures are three inches high, which would mean they would be three feet tall if they were real people. They are much too small to go with my daughter's dollhouse.  I'm going to go ahead and keep them, because I can find something else to use them for, but if I had paid full price for them I would be livid."
Quality poor.
just don't like it.
Tail fell off the next day!! Then the ears 2days later it wasn't how I expected it!! It wasn't worth my money
"Looks very cheap, not worth the money, printed paper.  I bought it and will not even use it because of how cheap and ugly this really looks."
so cheezy so thin so RETURNED
"waste of money, nice idea, but piece of junk.  Sticks don't stay in the connectors, especially if you drape anything over to make it a tent, even as light as a thin cotton sheet."
Ordered the hat and its too damn big for a normal person's head. If you have a 50's bouffant or your name is Andre the Giant then this is the hat for you.
I purchased this for a friend and she was very disappointed with the black board.<br />She said it is too hard to see the pieces.  A white board is much better.
I would not buy this again. It doesn't stay together well. I expected it to be better built and a little larger for the cost. No matter how you put it together it won't really stay together. It's now in pieces scattered threw my kids room. :/
"This is a fraudulent description. The duck I bought and received IS as pictured, but it is not a Moutin Roty Cuddly Duck. Those products are made in France. This product was made in CHINA. Not what I wanted and the very tiny stuffed animal is not worth $13. Disappointed that Amazon didn't very verify the actual product being shipped."
"My Kids (7&9) got this as a birthday gift. Went together easy, but the plastic is so cheap the post snapped off the base in less than 5 minutes. What a waste of money. You try to get your kids outside and away from the video games with outdoor toys, but this was a disappointment."
Propeller caps provided with the item doesn't fit the motors
Over half were broken!  So very disappointing
"The song it plays is clearly screwed up. It sounds like it is being played by someone sight-reading the music for the first time. There are some awful sounding wrong notes, and the tempo is is off. I recognize this because I bought it to replace an old broken music box which plays the same song."
PLEASE STOP THE ADD-ON PROGRAM. I've beenshopping Amazon since 1999 but have NEVER been able to get the abstract combination to acquire an add-on item. NEVER. I HATE that practice. Just let me shop. Dang it.
"AWFUL Product!!!  I should have heeded the warning reviews and NOT PURCHASED two of these pieces of JUNK!!<br /><br />I waited too long to try them to be able to return them now, but, I CAN WARN YOU!!<br /><br />I USED THIS ONCE, for about 1 HOUR in a pool.  It was LOSING AIR just floating in the pool!  I had to blow more air into it to continue using it!<br /><br />I put it outside my vacation condo to dry and by the time I put it in my unit for the night it had lost so much air it was obviously a lost cause.  What a piece of junk that it can't even keep the air in!!<br /><br />DO NOT PURCHASE this unless you've got a can of that Flex Shot stuff to seal ALL of the seams.  I have no idea where the air is escaping...it could be anywhere.  The thing is like new, in that I'd barely used it, and yet it loses air!!"
very small for toddlers
Glad I ordered 2 because neither of them had the right pieces. Had to use parts from both to assemble 1.
All three monkeys deflated moments after we blew them up!!  Complete waste of money!!
Worst thing on the internet!  Can barely lift off when the battery falls out.  the controls will suddenly stop working mid flight.  Do not buy! Go to you local hobby shop and get one there.
"I ordered this for 5 years old boy, just after first day sheet teared and stand broke. Very poor quality. Do not waste money"
"The balloons was a big rip off, I ordered them for a church outing it was a good thing we ordered extra most of them didn't seal properly one of the men felt the o-ring on them was a big flaw in the design."
Wow...this does almost nothing. So much better V Tech on the market. Stages are a bit of a joke. Pretend play Stage 3??...does nothing but comment on things. Made in China.
The bricks don't stick/hold together very well. Not worth the money. Hard to build with.
Horrible material! Everything on this broke within the first six months! Such a waste of money!!!! Don't bother!
This was the skimpiest boa I have ever seen! Went to the costume shop and got another one because I was to embarrassed to wear the one I ordered.
Do not buy this!!! This is a knockoff. Extremely bad quality tea set toy.
Ordered the smiling version and got the original newborn girl. It soft and expression is just like a newborn baby. My 2 year old like it. The negative will be that the dolls head is curled up so the doll never lays flat. It's awkward to hold down or up. Legs all joint up at the knees. I really like that it comes with more than one outfit. Overall I am not happy with this doll. Not worth the price
"My 9 year old daughter had her heart set on a Garfield birthday cake. I bought this on Amazon and it is wildly overpriced. The only two components of this that are truly worthwhile on the cake are the plastic Garfield figurine and the Odie figurine - the trees, bushes and doghouse look as though they came from a random &#34;dog house&#34; and are certainly not Garfield themed. The house that is pictured is PAPER. It is not even 3-D. And what is up with the coffee cup? A pan of lasagna, yes. If you have any other option, do not waste your money on this."
"very poor and ugly product  im a prime member and NOT very happy with this item  , im NOT recommend to anybody  sorry"
Garbage
The main product image shows three inflatables but you only receive one with purchase.  The product description is vague and does not state that you are buying only one of the three items pictured.
"hat was not like picture,made like paper.could have bought same hat at dollar tree for a dollar."
Do not waste your money on these!  I bought 24 to give put in favor bags but the cubes don't really turn and the stickers popped off pretty much as soon as you touch them.  I would have been too embarrassed to give these away.
"Do NOT buy this! This is a piece of junk, made of cheap plastic, the labels in the battery compartment is backwards which is confusing. There's nothing exciting about the &#34;speaking&#34; part of this product. When I tried to return this product, it costs me returning shipping fee, restocking fee $5<br />and of course the initial shipping and handling fee (a total of $20). I would NOT recommend this product."
Worked for maybe an hour and then died. We replaced the batteries and again it worked for maybe 30 minutes. Replaced the batteries AGAIN and same thing. I finally gave up. I should've written this review right away but I forgot. If you get one that works I'm sure it'll be loved. My son liked it when it worked but was crushed every time it died.
The 10X is more like 2X.
"Ehhhhh I ordered a small and the one I got was huge. Its a great product tho, if you take care of it. It fits my brother great, just not me. #Tinycorporalproblems"
Ghost
"What a P.O.S.!!!!  Rather than  explain the details, as to why I am returning the airplane  just know that this product is (in my &#34;non novice&#34; opinion); is priced entirely too high.  It is not user friendly and appears to be cheaply put together... difficult to use and not worth the money!  One of the reviewers on amazon stated &#34;panic mode my ass,&#34; when referencing part of the plane's operational &#34;simplicity.  I NOW agree with that particular critic.  Save your money.  Buyer beware."
Arrived missing the legs .... Need I say more.
"These Smencils don't smell! I was so disappointed as I was hoping to add them to a reward box as an incentive, but when I went to open them...no smell!"
The product is described as 18 inches long.  It is in fact about 2inches long.  I was very disappointed and had to return the item to seller.
This was a joke. I tossed them out almost as soon as I got it. They didn't even look like the picture.
made a mess and didn't react to blacklight only made a crime scene mess hard to lift stains
"This item is poorly made, the edges of the box are ragged and have cut me and my one year old on a few occasions. If you buy it, take some sand paper to the outside edges."
Worse purchase at Amazon ever
"The picture looked nice, and I wasn't expecting super-high quality, but these were made of the lightest blow-molded plastic I've ever seen in terrain.  It's literally cheaper than dollar-store plastic.  When set on a table a light breath will move them about.  In addition it was shipping in a padded envelope instead of a box, so I have no idea how it arrived intact without breaking into a hundred pieces.  It's a shame as the size and look of them are not bad, but they really aren't usable and are the antithesis of durable."
"I should have believed the other negative feedback regarding this!  I paid $11.50 for this piece of Hasbro junk!  It came with 16 white game pieces and stickers which must be affixed to them...there is also a plain white game board with little white pegs,  however, you must glue a very thin piece of cardboard with a picture of the Frozen characters to this white board.  After trying to glue the cardboard onto the plastic, all the edges popped back up and the glue came through the peg openings, leaving a messy residue on the top of the cardboard!  This was a mess!  I definitely will not be giving this to my precious granddaughter for her birthday and unfortunately, it is all she asked for!  This is very disappointing!  if I could give a worse score, I would!  A complete waste of money!  Unacceptable product!"
Missing key pieces to complete model. Very disappointing...  Hopefully Lego will ship the parts required.
Quality poor
Very poor.  Size was not accurately described so were to small for our use.  Furthermore one of the slippers had no attached rubber banding so could only have been used if taped to a shoe.  When take out of the package it was simply limp.  These are not worth purchasing as they are of very poor quality....poorly made..and incorrectly advertised.
The item looks great on line. It's been 3 months since I ordered it. Hope it is as good as it looks. I will upgrade the stars if I ever get it!
Sent me a complicated electronic project to build with no instructions so I have not finished it yet feels like I wasted my money
Bought two and returned both due to problems. First one had a problem with accessing battery compartment in remote control.  Second one would not move in all directions as it was supposed to.
Came broke returned it.
The product description did not state that assembly was required. If I wanted to assemble my own holding sticks I would have bought the parts myself at a hardware store for less than $5 and built them. I bought this product to save that time and labor and was extremely disappointed. The package did not even include materials for proper assembly such as adhesives and I had to use my own masking tape to fasten the clips to the sticks. This is a terrible product and huge waste of money.
"I don't like this ride on at all. Ride it on what surface, asphalt? Doesn't work. I honestly don't understand how this toy could have rated so highly."
Love the concept but battery connection is spotty at best --it works only after 20 minutes of fiddling with battery;  connections have some kind of short...disappointed but at least it is still a puzzle assembly of 3 sea animals--when it works it is cool...disappointed
This item smells awful.
My 4 year old has been saving her money and finally was able to order this for her clip and carry belt.... Just received today... One problem the pokeball doesn't close and won't clip on her belt and won't hold the pokemon... I have never been more upset over a toy...
Of course I didn't think to try them out before the party.... ha ha... joke on me... fifteen 5 and 6 year olds.... we tried and they would not come off the paper. They are super pretty but a waist of money. Have to repurpose them .... book decals!
"The tube of the squirt gun on the handle bars isn't long enough to reach the water so when you try to use the squirt gun it doesn't work because there's no water. Don't buy this, waste of money."
This toy did not make it alive. It was a gift for someone and they informed me it arrived broken so they just through it out. Should have listen to all the bad reviews. Smh one star cuz I had to give a star if not zero.
"this item came broken , the shipping method is not up to par"
Horrible. Don't glow. Leaked all over. These are not good glow sticks. Don't buy
"BUYER BEWARE, this is NOT LEGO.  This is a chinese knockoff"
Awful so itchy and hot
Not good quality! Not at all comparable to the Nick brand in stores. One already broke.
"Very disappointed!!  We got it all set up, connected the hose, and as soon as the &#34;pool&#34; part filled up, it BURST!!!  The kids never even used it.  Waste of money!!!"
It was sent back twice bc the description stated it was for iPhone 5S and it was actually for an iPhone 4
Was great for about 3 months - now the bottom ring won't stay inflated.  Too bad - would have been good.
I just tried this today with my kids.  4 attempts with the rocket and 1 with the car.  All failures!  I even used a new box of baking soda thinking mine might be expired and hindering the launch.  No such luck.
"I never write reviews but I had to take the time to warn parents how truly bad this item is! The mixes do not mix into the water very well and they end up slimy and they taste terrible! The cola is just downright nasty! The &#34;fizz&#34; is a powder that makes the drinks extremely sour! The &#34;fountains&#34; are just squirt bottles that don't stay where they are supposed to, they just fall through the holes! The only thing this set is good for is a pretend soda shop and it's not made very well for that either!"
"Just opened it and neither the battery that came with the pet or the battery I had at home have worked to make the lion breathe. I am going to buy a brand new battery today and, if that doesn't work, will be asking for a full refund. Ugh.<br /><br />REVISION: TERRIBLE! DO NOT BUY!! Got a replacement. THE SECOND LION ALSO DOES NOT BREATHE!! Terrible! I have a wailing 3 year old!! JUNK!"
These balloons were not crystal clear when blown up as stated.  They were ivory/pearl.
Terrible squirt gun for a little guy. Always have to fill it. To small of a water holder and to hard for a like guy.
Junk!  Broke first time loading.  Very disappointed.........
"It's hard and bad quality, it hurt my daughter's behind ears."
"Broke within 2 weeks, cheap plastic"
"Runs small (size 7/8 was a serious belly shirt on my 6 year old) Cheaply made. The belt buckles are made of the thin plastic that cheap masks typically are. The fabric is the typical thin nylon that budget costumes are. The hat is a deformed mess, no matter how hard i try to mold it. The &#34;dreads&#34; are a couple of reddish strands poorly patched together. NOTHING deluxe about it. Requesting return for refund from seller."
I was expecting much more for the price paid. I feel like this is a scam. Cheap plastic. Flimsy stand. No quality what so ever. I was excited to get this product for a professional business to keep my camera clean. Its an expensive game. They had a great Idea. Executed poorly. An absolute waste of money. I also paid extra for quick shipping. Admittedly totally got scammed on this product purchase.
This thing is garbage
This was extremely expensive for being a very small water gun with a sticker that says &#34;Splatoon.&#34;  I returned it to the seller.
It's fake wouldn't recommend.
"Crap, should be in a dollar store. returned it"
"So IF you had Hungry Hungry Hippos from long ago you will whine, complain, get frustrated, say &#34;really?&#34; a few times and more.. You will realize how bad, cheap, things have gotten.  IF you've never had HHHippos then maybe your review will be better as you have nothing to compare it with.<br /><br />The other reviews in a nutshell<br /><br />-Yes it's cheap, not the same quality that it was before.<br />-Hippo's get stuck,<br />-Balls may get stuck in the neck of the hippo<br />-Balls long ago were heavier, these are very light.<br />-Make sure you have the cap off the ball holder on the bottom or it does not sit flat<br />-Ball Storage, Cover the hole on the front of the box when stored, otherwise the cap will come off and the balls will be lost through the big hole on the front of the box. (We used Packing Tape)<br />-+, you have to (can remove) the hippos and they sit on the board for storage.  I wish it was better built and you didn't have to remove them, but on the other hand, at least they have it sit compact for storage.  I'd probably prefer the old style that you can't remove and you could drop without lots of little pieces coming apart.  You CANNOT drop this version without hippo's or hippo parts going flying.<br /><br />You would think they could make it cheaper yet better since it's been around for 40 years.<br /><br />I gave it 1 STAR for several reasons.. Our kids like to play it AND I can't give it 0 STARS.  I have seen the price range from $12 -$20, I would not pay $20 for this.  We paid about $12.<br /><br />Hasbro, really?<br /><br />Click the reviews you read that are &#34;Helpful?&#34; at the bottom."
package was missing a connecter to the bottom had to use duct tape to make it work  very disapointing.  I was at my grandson birthday party and I show up with a gift that is missing a piece.
Never again
"Comforter batting, when item is washed, bunches together inside, at top of comforter. Bottom half has no batting now."
Tiny and not useful...more like tinsil size
Not worth the price. My grandaughter so disappointed.
"Item does not look like the picture. The wheels are not red, but rather an uncharming black. The plastic insert with the lights painted on it is on yellow plastic. When you push down on the lights it lights up a solid boring yellow rather than multicolored. If the plastic was white the light would brighten the painted image."
"First of all, this is extremely low end product. It should be 10 bucks. It definitely is not worth $50. Leaking everywhere and messing up on table and on floor. It makes just flat ice, not even close to dots. I do not recommand this product."
Super cheap. Was broken when i recieved it
Pretty useless...
Very cheaply made. Couldn't get the box open without breaking it to put the lights in. It was very hard for my son to do himself and even with my help I struggled. My hand hurt after putting everything together. Then the cover wouldn't stay on because one side was broken and it wouldn't stay lit up. Very disappointed in this product.
weak power and plane cannot work with it
Very disappointed in materials used. Plastic on top of cheap light wood sticks. Uneven surfaces.
THE FIN WAS NOT WORKING A FEW DAYS LATER AND TOLD THE SELLER HE SEND US A PART THAT WE DO NOT KNOW HOW TO INSTALL WE TOLD HIM TO REPLACE IT WITH ANOTHER DRONE AND STILL NOTHING
Missing purse and necklace ripped out through the package.  Arrival too late to purchase a different item for a birthday party. Embarrassing to give to child.
Arrived with a broken neck and arm even though it was in plastic..used super glue and called it good instead of dealing with a return. Not even mediocre quality.
Worst product ever! Balloons lost water immediately. Disappointed Grandkids big time.
Gave as a gift.
cheap and cheezie
"Hundreds of throws, never got it to return to us."
Not 12 x 12! Smaller than expected.  Not worth the price plus shipping.
After less than three months the inside rollers no longer spin. So it makes a clicking sound and that's about it. Amazon won't take it back and I can't find any warranty info. I'd steer clear and find a more durable product.
This product sucks the motors blew up after the second day of using both of them. I will never buy one again. Thank you for waisting 300$ of mine
"This is not grey, it's a dirty mix between grey and brown. The lining is brown, how weird is that! It is stiff and smells bad as well. Overall the worst purse I have ever bought online.I tried to return but even I am a Prime customer Amazon wanted 6.50 for return label. Will go in the box for Salvation Army donations."
could not find instructions anywhere....hard to practice with no directions....
"Shipping was awful, No packing material, every Adventure time toy has its box damaged or was damaged long before it was ever shipped."
"So many flaws with this toy.  Mickey doesn't fit well in either the car or the swing.  He sits very loosely in the car and falls right out if you try to &#34;drive&#34; the car.  My 2 year old gets SO frustrated with this.  In order to get them in the swing you have to angle his feet in first, something that a little kid doesn't have the coordination to do (and most likely would not occur to them to do).  I also don't understand why there's a picnic and a swing with the garage.  Essentially all you can really do with this toy is put the car up and down on the lift which is not all that exciting even for a two-year-old.  Definitely not worth the price"
Already one of the motor stopped working one week I guess I got to go ahead and spend money and buy one 7.50 they got to make money right.😞
Cannot get the remote to sync with the drone so unable to fly it
"beware, this is not a universal size and its not adult - it fits my 10 year old, not the 13 yr old who we bought it for. read others comments - wish i had."
Its not worth it. Way too small. And they arrived open so i didnt even get what i paid for. I got like 50 out of 200.
Very hard to put on
bought these  what a waste and way too expensive for the quality
"UPDATE: The car functioned very well for the first 1.5 years. No complaints there. HOWEVER the gears broke in the drive, so we went over to the manuf. website and ordered a new gear set. Thought &#34;no problem, easy to fix.&#34; However that is when the trouble started.<br /><br />First we could not place the order on their website. For some reason they show all the parts, but you can't order directly. So we called and placed the order on 7/4/15. Waited 10 days, got nothing. Called and they said they were moving and lost the order and would resend. Waited another 7 days, and got nothing. So emailed them and on the 24th they replied. After several emails back and forth they said the person who took my order was no longer there and they would resend. Never got anything. Emailed again on 8/4/15. Same excuses. Emailed agan on 8/12, &#34;sorry...&#34; same excuses. Finally on 8/15/15 they provided a tracking no. However the postal system showed only that the label had been created. The item did not ship until almost a week later. 8/21. We got the new parts on 8/24/15 but they are the wrong parts. They are for a different car and do not look anything like what is on the car or their website. The website shows the exact part we need, but they did not send it. So I called and put on hold for 15 minutes, had to hang up. Emailed again and they just said &#34;sorry we must not have that part, you can send them back for a refund.&#34;<br /><br />So now my son has a none working car. This WAS his favorite toy. He drove it every single day. Now I have to come up with another $200-$400 to buy another car because the company can't ship me a single $25 part! If you are a parent you know that feeling when you child looks at you with that face. &#34;Why can't I drive my car?&#34;<br /><br />I will NOT buy another &#34;Best Ride On Car&#34; because they have the WORST customer service!"
broke easy
"friend of mine purchased this product, wood was poor quality and cover didn't work as it has no side drop whatsoever, orange tone on wood, 80s oak style - yik"
Did not work right out of the box. Only one of the rotors turns. Will not get off ground.  Very disappointed.
"We couldn't get the acorns to actually launch.  Maybe user error, but on the other hand, using a kids toy shouldn't really be too complicated!"
Did not work at all and threw it away.  Slide not very slippery and did not shoot water out like it should.
Struggles to cut 16ga and doesn't cut clean
"Grossly dissatisfied with product packaging. Cute item, but arrived in 3 plastic bags and 2 were open. Poly bag was filled with block parts. Have purchased Sluban products in past and arrived in box. Assumed this would as well. Was hoping to give as Christmas gift, but due to no box and opened bags, unable to do so. Will purchase similar items in future as they are cute items. However, will most likely purchase elsewhere!"
"I was hoping these would be bigger, but they are maybe 6 inches tall! They don't work for my purposes but maybe for something else!"
It only contained one mini figure.  We thought according to the picture and description there would be more.  Really let down.
"I am really bummed by this purchase. I usually read reviews and didn't on this one - my mistake. For some reason I assumed the pillow would be round like a marble (perhaps because the pillow is called a &#34;Gumball&#34;??). I should not have assumed. It is round, but more like a peppermint. It's very tiny. About the size of a dinner plate. I should have paid attention to the size listed. The pillow is also poorly made. It has taken on a smushed shape and the fuzz has not recovered. My two year old son would like it, but then again he's two and likes running around with paper towel tubes on his arms. I returned it immediately."
Need customer service or i have to return it ..Just beeps loudly and beeps. Cant bind transmitter to the quad.<br /> I ordered extra parts and batteries too.
"I remember how fun this game was when we would sit around the table and ask our own made up questions. Then, I came across the actual game! I had to buy it. We just played it last night and 8 out of 9 people were begging for a new game. The questions were lame and the game was a total bust. I wouldn't recommend it."
Pull the tabs and the batteries go with it.  Half didn't work and the other half either popped very quickly or already had holes.
"Very disappointed, not what they say they are. Very small, not 5 inches"
"The skirt and top look like they would match, but they don't. At all. The top is neon pink and the skirt is a very deep raspberry color. Also, the top is too small for both her our generation and her AG doll"
I only gave one star bc my grand baby enjoyed her first mail delivery but ur eggs sucked  Never mind the chocolate was melted and gross but the penny toys were awful.
I guess I did not expect it to be this small but my grandson likes it that's what counts
Tears like tissue paper.
"Not worth the shipping, scratched and just plain old junk."
"This product appears to be well built, especially for it`s size. However the problems started as soon as I opened the box. The instruction pamphlet is so small that I had to copy & enlarge all nine pages just to read it. Next, as I tried to read the instructions I discovered that the translation from chinese to english is virtually unintelligible.After several hours of trying I was not able to complete the required programming and as a result although I could get it to fly, I was not able to control it. I did discover that although the instructions said that it had a range of 30 meters (94.4 feet), it did not respond to the controls at 6 meters ( 20 feet). Finally, when I contacted the seller, they did not acknowledge or address the translation issue, they just told me to return the unit at my expense and that if they did not find anything wrong that I would be charged a restocking fee.<br /> I do not recommend this product or any other products offered by thi company."
Poor quality
"these pencils do not live up to their ad--the points break repeatedly. I try to sharpen them but the points keep breaking. I store them points up & carefully, but they still break. Very disappointed."
Be aware that the train that comes with the book is NOT James.  It is Charlie.  Seems kind of odd.
This is a poor quality product. There isn't much stretch and the &#34;skin&#34; is super thin and tears easily. Within 5 minutes this was in the trash.
Gift
"Though I ordered 2XL, there is no way these compression shorts are 2XL - way too small and tight."
"Cards are soft cardboard, not thick enough"
Horrible description. Returned the item and they refuse to give me my money back.
Ordered 3 boxes of 6 inflatables.  Had only 6 hold air.  Amazon Customer Service was great in handling the return.
The coat is way to tight for any size child.  My daughter is really skinny but a 1 1/2 years old the coat was too tight for her to wear.
Ordered twice and received used items. I won't try again.
"Love the pop, specially the glow in the dark.  Box came in a manner that appeared a dog chewed on it, ordered a replacement!"
remote works if you are six inches away from the bulb.
"I was going to give this as a gift, but the quality is not suitable. The throwing knives are made of plastic and the ribbon was cheaply glued on that you can see the threads and glue. Also, the throwing knives did not come in the nice box that is pictured. They came in plastic packaging that was already opened. If you're looking for cheap quality toys, then this is great for you. So disappointed."
"I have no issues at all with water pressure.  I have other yard sprinklers that work perfectly.  My wife thought this was cute for the kids, but we should have stuck with our regular sprinkler, which is perfectly suited for kids.  The water barely comes out. We got maybe 6&#34; of water height.  I returned it."
Very inferior goods !
"Worse buy ever , this kit those not come with all the bolts needed for the traxxas summit ,and some bolts the Allen head the not come the tight sizes so the strip really easily ,<br />I have install the trany bolts. And now I want to remove , and 2 bolts are strip ,<br />Junk don't buy , u will be having a hard time with them"
Six dollars for one basket? Thats OBSURD.
"One of the two we ordered came with the seam already torn.  Didn't have time to return before or trip so we duct taped it to make it lay the weekend. I half expected it considering all the reviews, but I would like a refund on at least one of the chairs since it came defective."
Product did not work when it arrived. Have not had time to follow up yet but plan to contact seller.
It lasted two days before the antenna broke off. Big disappointment for my 9 yo.
"Although, this product is fun for the kids it does not hold up. We have only had a couple of weeks and the seems have come unglued causing water to get inside of it. water tots should hold up better than that."
These took forever to get here and once they arrived they were complete garbage. Half just fall off and the other half pop. Do not recommend.
"I was very disappointed with the quality of this construction paper. It is very thin, almost like printer paper. there were only a few sheets of the white paper, which seemed even thinner than the other colors. The Sunworks construction paper is much better."
C-
Do not order this. No lights. Pile of junk. I am throwing it away before it makes my kids cry. Thanks for taking my money. Enjoy it. I hope you can put it to better use than scamming other people with your crap product.
not real legos knock off!!!!
Still havent been able to put this thing together! There were no instructions with the product! Very disappointed!
Does not work well and leaks.
Chair broke smh right after I got it
Do NOT buy!! The pictures are misleading and the products are cheap horrible Chinese material! I wanted to return my product or demand a refund but figured it may not be worth the hassle since it comes from over seas! Horrible!!!!
This car keeps shutting off on me it go's forward 10 feet then stops. W.T.F.???
One motor was not working and a second one quit shortly after first use
An absolute piece of crap with a huge crack in the middle of the &#34;hammering sides&#34;. Dont waste your money with that (assumingly not licensed) product.
This was a bust but I guess that's expected since it was cheapish. It broke right away but the kids still slid around on it. It's also really short.
Cheap plastic
Fell apart almost immediately after we got them.
Received the Kung Fu Panda dirty. It didn't do everything that was advertised it would do.
"velcro is not working anymore after a few months, and also the mat is very thin and uncomfortable."
I received the British version which was not included in the description anywhere.
Cheaply made and wrong pieces sent to assemble.
"Unfortunately, this butterfly was DOA.....it just didn't work, so I returned it for a refund."
did not run as seen on youtube
"It broke in the second day...what else needs to be said.  This crane is very cheaply made--the plastic is brittle and the gears that drive the tracks stripped on us.  When it does drive, it's very jerky.  We were fooled by the &#34;discount&#34; from an inflated full price.  Honestly, it's the quality that I expect from a Dollar Store."
I should have listened to the other reviews. If you don't have &#34;extreme water pressure&#34; then one side WILL NOT shoot water as pictured! Heck it will barley even make it to the other side of the slide. After about an hour it started to trickle out of the holes. (again I said trickle)<br /><br />I assumed mine water pressure was better than most or at least adequate enough. I remember playing on slip and slides as a kid and water pressure was never an issue. Not sure why these slides don't seem to be as good as the old ones.<br /><br />For the price I would say the product is okay! You get some good room for 2 sliders to have fun (7-10 year olds) and we didn't really use the boogie boards. So just be aware of the water pressure issue and don't purchase is you want/expect it to look like the picture LOL
"I bought two of these a year ago but finally got the chance to unbox and inflate them at the lake yesterday. I inflated both of them, and within 30 minutes they deflated. I noticed both rafts had a HUGE hole in the seam next to the area you inflate it by, like it wasn't glued together correctly during manufacturing. Our family was super disappointed we couldnt enjoy our float trip, and I am upset that I wasted money on these! Looking through comments now, I see that there was a recall and many people have had the same problem. Since it has been a year, I am not sure what to do!"
Cheap knock off. Pieces don't click together easily & a few broke right off the bat. I ordered Brain Flakes from Viahart that are more expensive so we'll see if those are the real thing.
Threw it away the second I opened it. Didn't work. Complete waste of money
Box was in bad condition
"This pen never worked! We followed the instructions VERY carefully, but the pen was terrible right out of the box. Very disappointed! Thanks Amazon for the smooth and quick return, we're going to try a different brand of 3D pen. The original Doodler worked well until it broke. We are not impressed with this company."
Not worth it...too pricey ..I had to buy my own glue ...glue that comes with it is useless
Does not work right out of the box.
"Do not buy this! The reason Build-A-Bear Workshop has discontinued this toy is because the &#34;satin&#34; on its stomach rips out with no provocation from the user (Mine did.). This item is faulty and should not be bought for any price, especially the exorbitant price this seller wants to charge. Beware of ripoffs like this one."
"Gave flying pig as a gift and the first time recipient tried to use, the fabric tore and no longer able to return because I ordered more than 30 days before her birthday.  She barely pulled back and it gave away--looks like a flaw in the fabric.  Very disappointed but stuck with a broken toy."
Smaller than it seems..
"Super cute, but buckle broke the very first time my daughter tried to put it on her doll."
Never recover the card. Still waiting
The mesh ripped within 1 week and with VERY LITTLE use.
Believe the reviews.  This was purchased for a little mermaid water party.  Leaks at hose connection from get go so not enough pressure to operate correctly.  It does not stand up.  We had to create stakes to keep it upright.  Wouldn't be worth it if it was free.
I received the backpack and lunch box but not the water bottle. It upsets me because i didnt receive what i paid for.
"Didnt buy from amazon nevertheless its 5th edition. I should have realized, the quality of outside box itself was tacky. But the price point is same as before (~40$). The game components are all wrong, few missing I suppose. They wont align properly, the board wont set up, cards not punched properly so tearing apart when you try to remove them. I have seen this game before (earlier edition) so I know the difference. It used to be sturdy with really re-play value over quite few times (earlier version).<br />Some new guy came in and must have decided to cut costs, and deliver a vastly inferior product in end. Mind you, its a popular game and vastly enjoyable so they thought could get away with this. But as I said, Stay away from this, dont even ask for replacement until they take steps to improve production."
These are so small I didn't even bother to open!  Pictures misrepresent the product.  Returning today!
These did not fit and broke before the night I purchased these for in the first place. No returns are accepted with any cosmetic dental good.
it wast my money only
Nothing has sprouted and it's been months. My son was dissapointed
This box is flimsy and cheaply made in China. I don't know how the other reviews found this item to be rated the way it has. Mine came with finger prints embedded within the top lid coating. Not worth the 50.00 bucks plus that I paid.
This product is NOT adjustable as it appears in the pictures. It's just a teddy bear and arms are too far apart to hold our tablet as it keeps falling out. The arms do not adjust at all and you also can't recline the bear as it appears in pictures. It'd have been exactly same if I'd used any other stuffed toy to just place tablet on it. This did a poor job of it & can only hold it for few seconds before it slips out. I'm disappointed since it's such a hassle to return items to Amazon to get a refund.
These were such a disappointment. We ordered them for our sons birthday party. We threw away 3 bc we couldn't get them to hold air even with duct tape and the rest we had to keep re inflating and using duct tape over the inflation point. We got them 2 days before the party or I would have returned them
"Ecen though the baseball cap was OK I was quite dissapointed by the quality of the backpack & lunchpack. They are thin, and not at all sturdy and the worst part was the chemical smell of both the backpack & lunchpack. Only with time did it pass somewhat, no amount of washing helped."
"This item came with a broken arm, completely snapped off."
I was told it was a kid size and is an adults size I would love to send it back.
One of the markers was doubled.  I kept getting the oh you need to talk to this person run around so I stopped running... They smell great but I got two mint markers and zero chocolate markers... Not the best marker to omit...
two of the four tubes had holes. Definitely should have bought them at Kmart
"Literally broke apart within the first 20 minutes of playtime. My 3 year old is super bummed and disappointed after waiting over the weekend to receive this. If $6 doesn't buy a decent quality water gun that lasts more than a few minutes, what does it buy?"
This was a Christmas gift and it broke right out of the box!
"As many others noted, this guitar is kind of a hunk of junk.  However, it was the one requested by my son and daughter-in-law for their 3 year old son for his birthday, so I went ahead and got it.  There is no way to tune the strings on this.  It has pegs, but they don't stay put when you tighten a string, and the first string broke after about 3 turns - it wan't even tight yet.  The bridge fell right off - no sign that it had ever been attached in any way.  On the plus side - it's the perfect size for a 3 year old, and he didn't really care that it couldn't be tuned or that the bridge wasn't there.  He just loved having a guitar and being able to strum the strings, even though they are all loose."
They broke when I got them out of the packages
"Bought this and within 4 hours the screen buttons no stopped working.  The only thing i can think is it couldn't handle a little baby drool, which for a toy rated for 6 months and up I would have thought it would be a lot more robust."
Product did not work after placing to separate sets of Batteries???
It doesnt even fly anymore it sucks
"The seat does not allow the baby to sit in a comfortable position, there is no structure to it, my son used it once and cried the whole time, I think because there is no give in the seat he was very uncomfortable."
waste of money. Not worth the effort to have most toys repaired
"Bag looks great, but the straps ripped off after 4 hours on the beach.  Also, the cinchy-plastic thing doesn't hold so I had to tie it shut.  You're better off using a 99 cent reusable grocery bag.  Way cheaper and more sturdy."
Figure is so tiny.
"It's a nice idea to try to package this as a potable device - Once my sun tok it to the park for a ride and hit a bump, the back wheel snapped off? I would not recommend this item to anyone looking for a trike that will last over a month/"
Complete junk - very &#34;stinky&#34; and very cheap. I returned this item and bought real dice cups. There was zero effort at quality here whatsoever and the smell from the plastic or whatever chemicals used to make these is just nauseating.
The battery is the right size but it has flat connectors instead of the rounds ones.
doesn't hold anything
Save your money. This is made of extremely low quality products. We inflated it and it never stood up straight to use as a goal. After a couple weeks the netting was completely falling a part. Would not recommend.
Arrived broken
These cups don't hold up very well at all. They kind of disintegrate after a little while.
Beams was damaged upon receipt
Lost pressure after one day
Absolutely horrible.  I got about 5 out of the 100 to stay filled.  The rest immediately let out all the water once they dropped from the attachment.
Wow so cheap broke the first day the plastic tube that hold it together broke and the tunnel does not connect to the tent like it should not worth the money at ask
"**** NOTE: DO NOT PRE-FILL***** FILL BALLOON ONLY ONCE YOU ARE READY TO USE THEM! ****BALLOONS WILL DEFLATE IF SITTING TO LONG even in bucket of H2O.<br />I had my son's birthday party and right before the party I filled the balloons and it worked fabulously!! ONE HOUR LATER ALL THE BALLOONS HAD DEFLATED!! ****  So, they filled up without any trouble at all and if I had used them right away they would have been great! I hate to give one star, but I could not use them and my son was disappointed.. Not too bad though, thank goodness... We had a lot going on!"
Run run run away.<br /><br />If you do not have a home that is already covered in playdoh then stay away because then your home will be covered.  There is not way to completely clean this thing.
backs open way too easily
the trick coin not made well at all.
"The book it's self is great, we use it for our preschool program. BUT we bought this at the dollar tree for $1. That's just wrong."
came to us popped!
Very disappointed
"My two year old son loves this toy, which seems like a great thing, except that it's completely frustrating that he can't get the balls apart by himself.  Honestly, I can hardly get them apart and my fingers are sore after finally managing to separate all of the layers.  Great toy if you want to sit with your child and play in frustration."
The picture on the card I received was weird. It had a Lin in it that caused the full image to not line up. Just strange.
All the coins all fall in the same slot
It broke pretty quickly
Did not last. Wouldn't get again.
"Ropes do cause swing not to sit level and after less than a year of only moderate use, it has cracked down the middle.  Dissapointed in Little Tikes."
This car is a big pill of s*** they should give my son back his money and let him have the car that's how much of a peace of s*** it is
"If I could give it 0 stars , I would.  There is so much slop in the car's design, the car does not work.  Or, if we can jam it together, it works for a short burst then dies.  We set this aside as we over did our Christmas shopping, and I found it again in our closet, and now since we bought this in Dec 2014, I can't return the item.  Buyer Be Ware.  Do NOT buy this piece of junk."
"This was SO much fun!  For TWO days...  Like so many other reviews, it started leaking between the seams.  I didn't want to buy it for exactly this reason, but it was my son's main wish for his birthday...  I was thrilled that I was able to ship it back for a full refund with no questions asked.  Seems to me the manufacturer would spend a little time and some resources to fix the problem.  We actually had decided (the first day) to buy a second one, but the deflation axed that idea."
This is the first time I've ever given up on a puzzle. The pieces are weird shapes and have to be forced together. It took 2 days just to get the outside edge done.
Do not looks so good as on a picture. Have totally different color.
does not work in any way solar panel is messed up. i bought it for my daughter as a surprise by the time she get and start playing with it grace return  date passed now i stuck with this useless junk.
It is useless! It only glows for 2 minutes! &#62;:(  I will never buy this product.  It's a waste of money.
bad wand and very poor solution quality!!!
Not the best quality
"It is VERY small.  Don't let the picture fool you.  You need a very tiny baby to even think about using it.  It says up to 18 months, but I tried with my 6 month old and it would not keep her upright.  There are much more stable rafts out there, and even though it's only $10, don't waste your money.  I will put my child in this again."
"flips all the time, must use in smooth surface..."
This is a rip off!
"This was the second one I have ordered, they break easy."
"[[VIDEOID:277a908018e6da843f3c8b8fcf4cbdd5]]UPDATE - I came back to change my review on this item.  After maybe a few days of playing with this, the gun has broken.  The part that you cock back to be able to pull the trigger broke right off.  I was there when it happened and the kids weren't being exceptionally rough but just pulled it down and it snapped off.  So I have changed my review from 5 stars to 1 star since the toy is now no longer usable.<br /><br />Original 5 star review below:<br /><br />I have three boys ages 8-14 who have a ton of water guns.  We have all different size guns, different style of guns, manual guns and battery operated guns.  My kids really love playing with water guns and it's such a cheap, fun activity I enocurage it.  It also get them out running around and exercising.<br /><br />The Super Jet Action Gun is a nice size gun.  My youngest is able to easily hold it and use it.  It works like a shot gun where you have to cock the gun each time.  I thought this would really slow my kids down but it doesn't seem to at all.  The lever you pull down is really not very hard to pull down.  The trigger is then easy to pull.  My sons have been pretty rough on this gun and it has continued to work great.  It shoots a nice stream of water pretty far across the yard.  My 14 year old has pretty good aim and could hit his brothers from a pretty good distance.<br /><br />The tank or reservoir in this gun is not huge but for the size of the gun, it's about like our others.  So far I don't have any complaints about this gun.  The gun is very lightweight.  It has worked well each time my boys have played with it.  They like how far it shoots.  Like I said, they have played pretty rough iwth the gun and it shows no signs of wear at this point.<br /><br />Product provided as a free promotional sample in exchange for my evaluation and my honest, unbiased review."
"It is a terribly designed product and just not worth the money. I am just being too lazy to even pack it again and send it back! The bubbles don't form, the wheels don't roll well and my toddler was bored of it in 5 minutes"
Bank did not have arm card and broken.
"Ordered two of these for my kids as i cant find them local.  After numerous days waiting, both finnaly arrived.  As soon as i opened the pack, 1 was already dead and never lite up.  the other one lite up and we used it for maybe 2 minutes, and then the battery in it died!  there is no way to change the batteries in these and when i emailed the merchant for a new item to try, or even a $5 refund, i got numerous emails back and forth giving me the run around and telling me how to cut them on and off. They were very unprofessinal and made me feel uncomfortable!  i would not buy again!"
The outfit is cute but it is falling apart after only 1 wear.  Will have to attempt to sew together the skirt layers which is unfortunate.
"This shopping cart is very lightweight and flimsy. The seat can be easily discombobulated, the basket lifts up, if any pressure is put on the handle it flips over, the front wheels NEVER go the correct direction so it isn't even easy to push around. I was going to return the item, but the company wanted to charge return shipping AND a restocking fee. After contesting they agreed to forgive one of the two, but it still wasn't worth the return. Save your money on this and buy the more expensive one from the brand you know and trust!! I wish I would have spent $50 instead of $30 to not be stuck with this toy that isn't worth even $10!"
It came with hair on it.
Don't waste your money.
doesn't look like picture - real cheaply made
POS... put in brand new batteries.  Car worked great for 5 minutes then totally stopped.  Couldn't get it going again no matter what I tried.
I was tricked into believing the items size was bigger.
"This yoyo has a plastic transaxle, not a ball bearing.  I ordered two and only one would light up at all and then only on one half.  What a piece of garbage.  For a solid light up looping yoyo look to the Duncan Pulse.  Yomega has fallen a long way since the yoyo craze of the late 90s."
Plastic is weightless and cracks easily. I am returning the product. Do not order this product.
"This product didn't work and only had a 30-day return policy.  Since I ordered it for a gift, I was unaware it didn't work until day 32."
I guess I didn't read the description. It's tiny. Not at all what I expected.
Pretty cheesy
looking at the item on its page I thought I was buying a box full of tiny cheaply made bobble heads. I missed where it said &#34;includes one mini figure&#34;. that makestake was mine but if it says &#34;includes&#34; I was definitely looking for something more. of course it would &#34;includes&#34; a bobble head! had it said &#34;contains&#34; so I wasn't looking for more than one cheaply made bobble head I wouldn't be so disappointed. I paid basically $10 INCLUDES shipping for one cheaply made bobble head. I am not happy with this purchase and its not worth the aggravation to return it either. the way this item was portrayed on the paged is definatley misleading and I would not recommend this to anyone.
Very SMALL!!
Tattoos were hard to use and did not evenly apply to your arm.  Bought them for our daughter's birthday party and was very disappointed that they did not stay on well.
One of the guns broke the first day.
They come with no heads. You have to glue them on yourself. I don't understand why. They call it the Figure Head optional head system. All the heads pretty much look the same and the figures are so small you can't tell the difference between them. It's just dumb
Do not buy this toy unless you want receipts coming out saying beer for 5.00$!<br />I want to throw it in the trash!  Plus the cash register key broke first turn around!  Cheap and awful for a child!  I really don't want my 3 year old having play receipts with beer wrote on them!
"Absolutely terrible. Cheaply made. Does not hold together. Instructions are awful. If you are looking for the most frustrating experience of your life, you found it."
HOOOORRRIIBBBLLLEEEEEE<br />SO CHINZY<br />Big waste. We are returning them. If you put 4 helium balloons on this thing it would fly away immediately! Totally over priced.
I hate this bag of shark teeth
Crap! My quad vibrated so much afterwards I took it off and used 1/2&#34; pic pipe for legs. Save your money.
very high price.
"I received the regular battleship game, not electronic"
I didn't realize the characters on the stamp is no what the stamp actually is. was disappointed.
"Fraud!!!!!<br />This item is not the not the Edushape Ltd.brand as advertised!<br />The real manufacturer is TOTO TOYS LTD from Kowloon, Hong Kong."
"It does not fly properly. It can fly only up and down. No sideways movement. The tail rotor is not rotating at all. I brought this back home to india, and cant even return the product... Stuck with a broken item."
This is the worst thing that I ever bought on Amazon!! I will be reporting this!! They sent four little helmets when they should have sent two helmets and two small football figures like in the picture!! The birthday cake will look stupid and cheap now!! This is literally the worst product that I have EVER been duped into buying!! I'm calling AMAZON right now!!! I am so mad!!
I bought a bunch of these balls. I know they are rubber balls but the smell was just too strong.  I also feel that they are just too hard for use with young children.  These are mini replicas of those red school yard kickballs and will cause damage if used indoors.
"One star is because the stickers are cute and work on kids own nails.  But the press on nails don't stay on AT ALL--I mean, if your child just sits there and doesn't move at all, they'd probably stay on longer.  We got all of the nails onto her fingers and she was super excited and said, &#34;I'm going to show daddy.&#34; She went to the other room and returned, saying that 3 of the nails were already lost.  The rest fell off over the next 5 minutes.  I'm pretty sure it took longer to get them on, than the amount of time they actually stayed on.  Would be great if the product worked at all."
"I've never written a review for any product I've ordered on Amazon, but this was a complete waste of money! The costume's shorts fit like pants on my 2 year old (it's not that it's too big on her, the cut of the shorts are just plain awful) the shirt is made of the cheapest, stiffest fabric and it did not come with shoe toppers as advertised on the description. You're much better off purchasing a pair of orange shorts and a plain pink tshirt!"
backs open way too easily
Worked OK for a few days. My son really enjoyed &#34;fishing&#34; from our pool. Screwed in the battery cover properly but unfortunately when I went to change the batteries they were water damaged.My guess is water was getting into the battery compartment after a few days because it started sinking to the bottom of the pool making it impossible to use instead of swimming at the surface like it did when we initially started using it.
This is different than the one I had received the first time. Inconsistency in product. Not happy with the way this koala looks. Prefer the one I purchased before which was much smaller and cuter. I was looking for the exact one I had previously purchased for a gift and this is remarkably different.
I bought this for my one year old granddaughter but the top clear portion was easily removed by her exposing the small pieces that she could choke on. Very disappointed!
Pack weight already...
wrong products.
"it doesn't make the noise it is suppose to make, it is not loud and it doesn't make the noise a slide whistle should make"
stiff not balanced don't work well at all.
Purchased this slip and slide for 16 dollars and it lasted about 2 hours before it ripped and turned my beautiful lawn into a gigantic mud pie - do yourself a favor - save your money and just by a fun sprinkler for the kids to run through or a stationary pool
"Had to try to fix one of shooting devices.  By the time I had, the other was broke.  Very cheaply made."
Terrible !!! What a rip off!!!  Small ... ;(
Was not what I was expecting. If I hadn't needed a gift to give someone the day it arrived it would have been sent back. Disappointed. Already falling apart after a day. Not worth the money at all :(
We have only used its own pen with water but the pages are already scratched after the first use.
"The quality of this gun is truly horrendous, it was cheap but really, its not even worth the $5 and change you have to pay. The gun came open already, when trying to close it the cloth just remains exposed and the &#34;metal&#34; that is used for the gun is just sad. I've never disappointed with a product that I've purchased online as much as this one. Might have to end up buying another gun at a Halloween store, I seriously doubt it'll make it till October and its also horrible for my cosplay (which is the reason for my purchase.)"
"Very poorly made.  Strings would not tune.  Very cheap materials.  Had to send it back which made my grandson extremely unhappy, but not worth the money."
It was a big waste of money it broke right out of the box...  I do not recommend this!
It was very cheap and it tore in the matter of hours
"This travel size is unusable - the cards are so small that it would be impossible to hold them and the board is unreadable.  I made a mistake in thinking that this was the full size product and, because it was an international shipper, now I'm stuck with this unusable product.  Lesson learned."
This was the worst puzzle I ever put together. the plastic was very cheap and the pieces were very hard to lock in. in came in just plastic no box. when I finished the puzzle it had gaps because the pieces were hard to put in place. I was very disappointed with this product.
"im not sure if mine was just old, shelved for too long . when we opened it it seemed fine, my 5 year old daughter liked it and than ,overnight the battery leaked out on to the dresser, the acid burned thru wood stain :( i threw it away right away"
"I just got my drone and after 1 day it broke, so i ordered a replacement and i just got it today AND IT BROKE AFTER A TOTAL OF 5 MINUTES!!!!!!!! it was flying good before but then poof! 1 propeller just stopped working! SO DO NOT BUY THIS! it flies good yet propellers stop working after 5 MINUTES!!"
We were not happy.  My small 4 year old grandson could not get it to go.  No power at all.  Very disappointed !!!
It was a tiny tiny figurine. Not worth the price. I will not be ordering them again.
very cheap. not like the original trouble
didn't like that thet squeak
"Didn't fit on the bike. It's built to anticipate a very large handle bar cross bar. Newer bikes (like the most common Huffy in the entire world) have smaller cross bars on them. After working in the garage and making it fit, the side-to-side action only worked for a day. Then it just stopped.<br /><br />When it did work, it was pretty cool, but there is no way I would recommend buying this. It's an overpriced disappointment."
"Stopped working within a week.  Replaced batteries, but still didnt work.  Problem also is that there isnt much to do but sit and watch cars go round in circles while you hope for a crash.  Kinda like NASCAR in that respect."
Very small. Not for younger kids. Pretty cheap.
Terrible!  Did not freeze the mixture and made a mess.
So damaged not worth anything so unhappy it's not even right how people do hot wheels collectors
Waste of money!
False ad no camera on the box!! Just got 1 open the box no camera
"Not a Nanoblock. That's enough said really, it's a cheap knockoff. Not really a knockoff because the packaging was not branded Nanoblock."
"Awful! It does not stand up, it impossible to fill the air in the bottom to make it stand so it sat sideways on the lawn spraying the water horizontally! Do not waste your money!"
Cars flew off the track and killed my cat!!!!!
did not receive anything but the notebooks.....had to send back
Rubber bands dont do a good job.  They begin to leak and after 15 mins all balloons were deflated.  Good idea bad implementation.
Fell apart in 2 weeks with typical kid play.  The motor stuck &#34;on&#34; within 1 week.  Terrible product.  Are negative stars possible?
The green lining tore after 2 weeks. Terrible bag. :(
Bad thing. The moment I received it for my son to use I unwrapped it and tried it then gave it to my 2 years old son just 5 minutes then I look around the pen tip was lost vanished from the room and the board became useless!
Do not recomend. Bubble pops fast cant hardly jugle. Not worth money.
"Don't waste your money, this is TOTAL junk...<br />We purchased this twice since my son really wanted it for costume dress up.... The first one broke literaly within 30 seconds of being out of the box, he had not even tried it on, it broke as we were unpacking it.....<br />We thought maybe we got a faulty but the second one was equally junky...."
broke in one day
These balloons are NOT mint green and not even close to the photo!! They are a dark teal color.  Please change the description on these balloons - it is misleading.  I was very disappointed.
arrived one day late.  would not light up.  changed battery and still does not work.  dud.
The toy fell onto its side. My son stepped on the red part of the base and the stick in the center of the base slammed into his forehead. It happened twice in a row. He cried a lot. The company should take into consideration that children will step on the toy and should try to prevent any injuries resulting from this with a better design.
"Very cheaply made, doesn't stay together well."
The headband was so tight that it left red marks behind both of my 6 year olds ears.
I bought one of these and am almost positive that it's not authentic.  The antenna arrived unattached and the product in a generic brown box.  The mask itself is of very low quality.
Waste of money. Buy more expensive
Total disappointment. Plug for keeping air in was flimsy and useless....so the bag wouldn't hold enough air to work. DON'T BUY THIS.
This has stopped working after 35 days of having it. I have changed the batteries several times and it will only blow 1 -2 bubbles at a time. Wish it was working the way it did when we first got it... :-(  And of course its past the 30 of having it.
I love the marvel select line of toys. This rating isn't a reflection on the product but on the company that handled the figure. I received a damaged figure with the box torn open.
This is VERY small and the wheels broke off the next day
"This was so much fun for the first two weeks, then it stopped working completely.  No bubbles, no music.  Nothing.  We tried new batteries, but it just don't work.  It almost seems like it's not really a bath toy and not supposed to get wet.  In any case, Amazon is letting us return it.  Would not recommend buying."
The trigger mechanism stopped working after about 10 shots. I expected better quality. Do not recommend !!
This is a balloon. NOT a piñata. Wasting my time returning now!
Very thin and cheaply made. I would have gotten a better set at walmart for $20.
"The ties on the balloons are too loose, and the water leaks out quickly.  Only about 50% of the balloons we inflated were usable.  I've had much better success with a different brand of self-tying water balloons."
It's cheep<br />You have to put in work to make it hold the net up right
Darn book didn't work upon arrival & it was part of a baby shower gift! Very disappointed!
"Jams way to easily and eats up darts, if you get make sure you order plenty of extra darts"
We gave these as a gift - and they did not work!  The kids were so disappointed :-(
"Not all of the balloons filled, and the ones that did were super tiny. These things were more of a weapon than a water balloon. They were too small that they didn't break. Look elsewhere."
not much pressure and broke after 3 times of use
Too small. Smaller than it seems
"Like others have posted, this was a huge disappointment.  A million tiny barely magnetic pieces.  The game board sheets are paper and tear super easily.  The zipper on the carrying case broke on the first use.  We basically just used the boards as white wipe boards.  We were excited to have new travel games and this lasted about 12 minutes."
"Falls off and hard to get to block sun very well, I usually take it off and wouldn't buy again."
"So I ignored All of the other reviews & thought  it can't be that Bad... well it was<br />'' it was my sons Birthday present'<br />THE TENT IT SELF IS PRETTY CHEAP<br />THE FABRIC IS SEE THRU & PLASTIC POLES ARE VERY FRAGIL,THEY BENT EASY.<br />And THE NIGHT LIGHT DID NOT EVEN WORK ' VERY DISAPPOINTING!!!!!! Why even send it with the tent????<br />OVER ALL BAD ITEM"
"Cheap, very cheap"
Used it one time and has not worked since.
Light stopped working after 1 day. For some reason has an extremely short power cord (about 6&#34; long) and the connector does not feel particularly safe. A great idea that our kids loved that I wish they had made higher quality.
I had to return this star pillow. The battery pack had no on and off switch. There was no way to turn it on.
i ordered these masks twice and both times they came broken in half!! certainly do not recommend.
Too small our kids – meant for toddlers
Advertised with 20 keys but the one I received had 2!
"Did not work for a single use.  Never extruded, still trying to troubleshoot but customer support is aweful...."
no stars.....I mean seriously?  I thought this was going to be at least 8.5 inches tall?  where did they measure from.....the palm of my tiny hand is larger than this?!!  going to try and return it....was trying to get something my grandson could take to bed with him...not something to hang from a keychain?  So disapointed!!!
It stopped working only after days of play. Certainly made from China. LOL.
"[[ASIN:B00LNSBID6 Andoer 4Pcs Simonk 30AMP 30A SimonK Firmware Brushless ESC w/ 3A 5V BEC For DJI F450 Align TREX 250 450 RC Multicopter Qudcopter Helicopter ESC Part]]<br /><br />Bought a set of 4. Three of them failed. Two failed during flight/landing with smoke + fire!!! Third failed on the ground while doing the power-up beeps. I wasn't even using the BECs.  No propellers during start-up.<br /><br />Attached some pictures.  First picture shows the fire failure. Two MOSFETs fried. Woopsies. Same thing happened on the second ESC.<br /><br />The MOSFETs are garbage.<br /><br />Took heat tube from 4th ESC after 3rd failed.  The second pic shows a little smoke/burn mark on the 78M05 (BEC regulator). I don't even use the BECs. It was probably moments away from also catching fire.<br /><br />All-in-all, all thrown out."
"A waste of money, with 7 grandkids I thought this would be great, but some fell off and didn't fill, those that did fill lost the water in a matter of seconds. Total flop!"
The item was damaged.
"This product came as described, however just not made very well. The first one I purchased two of the motors burnt out almost instantly. The seller kindly refunded. The second one had the same problems. The motors burn out after only a few uses. I wouldn't recommend this product. There are plenty of cost effective drones out there."
CHEAP PIECE OF S***.
"As another reviewer wrote, the fires look different from the main photo. They are actually like the last picture, small red cups. My son put one in his mouth because he likes drink bath water (ew, I know) and it was easily sucked into his mouth. My husband was able to get it out with some effort, but it could have been much worse, and the way the cups are shaped would have created an airtight seal over his throat, completely blocking his breathing. It was a close call, and needless to say the cups went in the garbage. Also, as another reviewer said, it's very difficult to actually fill dusty with water. My son just floats him around and uses the button to make the propeller spin. It's a shame, because he was very excited about this toy. Parent's beware! My son is 3, by the way."
Our kids spent a few minute with this and then were done forever.  Spinning in it doesn't work very well and sitting in it is uncomfortable.  I'm not sure why other people are so pleased with these because our ended up at the dump within a year.
"Terrible/cheap product design.  Game base does not sit flat on a table (marble compartment underneath sticks out, and makes the entire unit wobble).  Should also come with anti-skid rubber pieces, which I will be adding myself.  The hippo heads/necks lock up very frequently and gameplay is very frustrating, especially to small children.  The only way to get the game back into the box is by removing the hippo pieces, which will inevitably breaks the plastic tabs used to hold the hippos to the game board."
Broke on first day of use
Bought these as replacements after our dog chewed ours up.  These are much larger then the original; and they are not all that great.  They leak terribly.  The tip is so large that water gushed out so it is very hard to draw with them.
Box was missing the four players and Master Builder markers...I was looking forward to playing with a few friends at a later date and coincidently missed the return date.
The snake worked for a few weeks before it broke.  The pieces are held together with a plastic cord and this snapped while my daughter was playing with it. This toy is not very sturdy so I would not recommend it.
One week of school with a small laptop only in it. Sides ripped where the shoulder strap attaches. Looks rugged but a pos. Would not recommend.
"Don't waste your money it has a teeny tiny hole for the flashlight, you have to almost put the thing against the wall just to see a blurred picture of the characters."
"Sadly, this keychain is of terrible quality. Toothless fell off the very same day I received the keychain, which took several weeks to come in, and I never found it."
Not a very glue!!!
Very cheaply made
Did not receive correct product....twice.
Item was broken when it arrived.
These were fakes.  Original packaging had been opened and contents were swapped out with fakes. Packaging was then glued back together and scotch taped.  Colors were off and fluffy babies were smooth like normal shopkins.
It doesn't come with the transmitter.  I sent it back because I thought there had to be a mistake.  The box has a hole for the transmitter and its empty.  I just got the replacement today and sure enough no transmitter.  WTF
"WORST PRODUCT EVER, DOES NOT WORK, WASTE OF MONEY."
Whey small not worth price other brands more for your money
"This may be a good item,  but the processing and shipping took way to long for us to take it on vacation. (Over two weeks )"
Disappointed in product. Would not recommend.
"It's a cheap, plastic cup with a paper insert. And the coffee bag is small. Such a rip off. Do not buy!"
"I was so frustrated by these! Although they were adorable, they did not stick! I had a princess craft planned for a preschool summer camp and I used them the day after they arrived. The little girls and I were very disappointed."
Item can not be played in English. It is useless
It's like made by paper :(<br />I didn't expect high end cap however I thought it's reasonable product. Not even close.  I feel totally waste of money :(
The balloons hardly filled up most of the balloons didn't fill at all. Waste of money
Unfortunately when we opened this puzzle we immediately went to work only to find that we were missing one edge piece so it was a little bit disappointing to not be able to fully complete the puzzle.
Wasn't what I thought it was going to be but kept to give as gift.  Wanted to use for kids 5 and 6 years of age but didn't look durable enough.
The seam at the end around the &#34;pool&#34; burst after one use.
Filled balloons 2 hours before needed.  Over half lost ALL their water making them useless.
"I have only used this mat twice and although the foam is nice and thick, it tears!  So I will be returning it.  It is not made with the right material."
The quality of the cloth is the chair is bad and the item doesnot look like the one showed in the picture
VERY flimsy and too small for even a toddler.
"Before buying this boat I read the reviews. Against my better judgment, I bought this boat for my grandson to race boats with his friends. Took the boat out of box, placed brand new batteries in remote, fully charged boat battery for FIVE hours and followed instructions to the letter. Boat WOULD NOT come on. Please pay attention to the negative reviews. There are so many for a reason. I bought the boat bc there were several that had &#34;fixes&#34; or &#34;modifications&#34; in them. It's just best to skip past this boat and move on to another with better review. We are told STRX is a good boat. Not as fast as this one claims, but at this point anything is faster than 0 mph."
The case was ok but the clubs broke in 2 days. Don't waste your miney.
"I don't know what I received, but it wasn't a Lingpo, it doesn't have a logo and it didn't come with a box. I got ripped off."
"The first one was defective... determined after a call to V-Tech... They sent a return label, and we got a replacement.... Haven't mounted it because this thing won't fit much of anything...... Unless your crib has super skinny top rails, forget it.  Not impressed with the build quality, or functioning of it...... Really was a waste of money.  The only reason I didn't return it in the first place was that we didn't really get a chance to figure out how useless it was until after the return period passed.  My advice:  buy something else!"
We're not bright in color and some broke when snapping to get color
"I did not receive the item displayed in the listings photo. That shows a quality solder sucker made almost entirely of machined aluminum. I already own one, and I wanted another. That is not what I got. The item I received was made from cheap plastic in all the places desoldering pumps tend to break, in my experience. I have little doubt that it would not last long before it flies apart in my hand. Also, there was some light shipping damage from being inadequately packaged (see the slight dent in the side of the cylinder in the photo)."
"These were cheap and flimsy. They are also small and not meant for an average size person. When I tried to return them I said that the arm cords were too short thus making the product defective. They rejected my return request and said that it wasn't sufficient. I then applied to just return them and not only was I supposed to pay for my own return shipping, they also charged me a 20% restocking fee. Forget it. They are not worth $20 to start with and then all that money on top of it. So I gave them to a little girl instead. Will never buy from this company again."
"Horribly disappointed. I bought this for my daughter who wore it one day and it completely fell apart, pieces went everywhere so all she has is the tiny bottle. She's completely heartbroken and I'm completely livid. Would not purchase this again and do not recommend buying it. Cheaply made even for the price."
Tools are cheap junk and broke immediately .
"The picture one picture misrepresents what is actually packaged. I was looking for a model my 6 year old son and I could put together for his birthday, and I stumbled across this and thought this would be perfect. For approximately $15.00 what is contained in the blister packaging is literally 6 parts, and when assembled (if your parts snap together) is less than a coke can in terms of over all size, and in my opinion has a total value of maybe $7.00. Lets be honest, what you are really paying for is the licensing on this product and nothing more. Yes it was my mistake for not reading the product description, but the normal price for full sized models (1:24 car model for example) is around $15.00 so I just assumed since there were no other product packaging images that this would be one of comparable size."
Received the package sealed so was not previously opened. When I opened the product and removed it from package it was already dirty and had obviously been sealed up that way. Also pizza was made poorly and had small holes on the sides. Don't recommend this product.
Way too small and the pieces just fall off.
Crap
"ummm...Well, the 'APPLE' password works fine, but there is no way to change the password.  It says to &#34;push the right button and turn the letters to change the password', but there is no 'right button.  Actually it says 'botton'...did they mean 'bottom'?  If so, I tried that too, and nothing.  I am either stuck with 'APPLE' or I will have to send it back."
Cheap crap my wife  bought for our kid not a bad thought just a cheap product kids are destructive  they break easy then they may choke
"What an overpriced disappointment. One star is overrated.<br /><br />As someone who has seen almost every episode of Doctor Who from Hartnell forward, when I received the &#34;cookie jar&#34;, which I didn't expect to be a ceramic jem, I was gobsmacked to receive a light weight piece of plastic without even an on/off switch for the pseudo TARDIS in transition sound. This thing could not be more disappointing. Obviously the genius behind this earth bound space ship ( of which the Time Lords were on vacation and oblivious to ) had no intention to pay for the rights for the Doctor Who theme song or anything else that might result in paying residuals that could possibly make this somewhat authentic and entertaining, thus worth paying anything more than $12.00 US, never mind $23.00 as a lightning deal. It's a two piece plastic container which, in no earthly gravity enough I'm familiar with, has enough weight to function as a cookie jar. It looked good via the sales pitch, but was incredibly disappointing. I wouldn't give my daughter Teigan the key to this TARDIS. The only cookies she'd get were the annoying ones planted on my hard drive."
Not last long for kid toy. Light stop work in 3 in fish easy broke.
"Lantern puts out decent light, but it does not glow. I have tried moving the switch every way possible and it only lights the white LED's. Thanks for disappointing my kids. The strap also broke within a week of owning it. Would not buy again. Would not recommend."
I wanted to the first expansion instead I get the second. Which is pretty pointless if you don't have the first one. If you guys can send me the first one for free that would be great.
Definitely not as big as I thought it was going to be. The whole set what's together fits in my palm. Everything is plastic except the dragon balls only worth 40 at the highest in my opinion. Not a happy buy &#62;=|
"I'm not too mad because I found this onsale at my local BB&B, but if I had paid this price I would be furious. The light is dim, the projection is terrible and the way it works is silly. To have a ceiling full of stars overhead you'd have to sit this thing on your stomach..."
"The picture was deceiving! I bought this thinking it would be a good starter ramp for my son. He is 14. Even my little girl was to big for it. And the plastic was cheap, with even a small amount of weight on it. It would sink and pop out from under them. I would advise spending the money and buying the heavier duty ramps."
its absolutly fake
It was damaged pretty badly
I didn't receive it within the set days and when received it was cracked I going to tape it and call it a day to many problems
This costume didn't come with the mask
It was a cheap version of what I was hoping to get.
"Not what I expected, it's all plastic. Didn't even get to build it like the older versions that I used to play with when I was a child. My little brother was definitely disappointed with this."
I bought a bunch of these balls. I know they are rubber balls but the smell was just too strong.  I also feel that they are just too hard for use with young children.  These are mini replicas of those red school yard kickballs and will cause damage if used indoors.
Terrible item description. This is an adult size
Ours broke the first day. Swam for about 5 minutes and then it never worked again. Son spent his birthday gift card on it and he's so disappointed now.
"Fell apart the first day, fabric ripped and cardboard bottom collapsed. Cheap crap."
a waste
not like it was described
Could not get these things to glow....totally useless
battery does not keep a charge. Very upset - Bought it for a spare for a remote control boat for my grandson. Charged it twice and twice it will not hold a charge.
"This thing breaks rather quickly. The fans didn't always turn and if they did, the lights often didn't work. Within a few days it outright stopped working."
Very unsatisfied piece of junk for sure . Battery won't charge and gear is stripped on right motor
"This was a gift. Opened the box to find one piece missing and one piece broken. Find this toy rather odd to begin with as all these bugs do is bump up against each other and they call it battling? My vote is for less violent toys to begin with so this was a no-brainer, went back the same day."
"We bought one to make up an Easter basket for our daughter with a bunch of pool toys. She used it once then set it aside on the pool hardscape. The gooey, sticky texture picked up every imaginable piece of dirt, dust, leaf particle, dog fur, and bug. GROSS! We tossed it in the trash."
"Missing pieces, the top needle and some plastic pieces.  It kind of ruined something fun I was going to do with my daughter.  No way to contact seller for missing parts."
Way smaller than expected
Disappointed. This game sucks. It is too manual. Not very functuonal.
I bought this item for my son's birthday and it leaks constantly.  It leaks so bad that he can't use it while wearing anything but a bathing suit which defeats the purpose I bought it for (to go with his fireman gear).  Complete junk and the return window lapsed because I bought it a month before his birthday......  Highly disappointed.
Followed care instructions but stopped working after a few uses.
Head broke 3 minutes into playing with it.  When going to airplane mode it doesn't pop all the way back in.  Bad enough that even my 3-yr old noticed it immediately...will be returning.
"Stiff, cheap material on outside. Glitter everywhere."
I didn't love that you have to assemble yourself and these are printed with the serial number right on the front of the pinwheel! Lame.
Too small!
My son who is pretty tall at 2 years old could not be able to reach the cycling steps on the front wheel.<br />The sit on the tri-cylce also causes him to slide off the chair.
"I purchased the infant swim float with canopy for my baby and after only 5 uses, the canopy totally collapsed. I'm very disappointed since this was $27.99 (on Amazon). I figured with would last a year or two."
Exc3lllen y6
Do  not buy these. The hammer is plastic and the helmet sits like a pie tin on your child's head. It will not stay on. We purchased a bunch of these for a summer camp and the kids gave up on the helmets within minutes. The hammers were useless. We are returning the entire order.
"Total waste of money. We followed the directions to the letter, and after two years all we ever got was a bunch of moss and one plant that sort of started to grow, then died. RIP. OFF."
"Very poor quality rocks.  Not even worth getting.  When it comes to the toys on the play structure I suppose one feels that poorly made product for a cheap price is fine, but these are slippery and not even worth having for a kids climbing wall.  Also when I went to return them they made me pay for the return shipping which was almost the cost of the product even though it was within the 30 days."
"This toy is about 3 inches tall, I was so disappointed. I didn't read the dimensions, so that was my error. However for the price, was not happy and returned the item."
I've lost all confidence in REDCAT racing.  I first placed an order for these via their website and THIRTY days later canceled the order because they failed to ship them.  I ordered from here and five days later the part arrived but was useless.<br /><br />One of the dog bones was missing the cross pin at one end.  Free replacement?  I don't care for your replacement policy since your QC of a common part is a total failure.
"Big disappointment. This might be okay for  two people that are just trying to get to know each other,  but I would say that if you have been with someone for a year or more,  chances are,  you've already gone over all these questions through normal conversations. And some cards are just plain ignorant...&#34;say  something about child abuse &#34;.  That is not a thought-provoking card  or conversation starter....And there are way too many blank cards so that people can think of their own questions...If I knew how to write my own card game I wouldn't have purchased one.<br /> This  Game is incredibly boring and went into the trash the first Night we opened it."
"The straps broke during the first use. It seems like an okay quality product that will provide at least one layer of protection, but not if you can't put it on and keep it on. Too bad."
These connectors plastic insulator are not designed very well. The brass plugs are very good but the plastic insulator is very difficult to press the plug into.  It takes so much pressure that it almost ruins the entire connector.  I used my vice to press  the plug into the insulator.
"I order this because my little one love trains and cars. Just got the order today in the mail. I was so disappointed by this. It's so poorly made, some of the letters were glued incorrectly. Never buy again. Not worth the time and money"
"I bought these because my toddler likes to stack and build block towers. Unfortunately, the blocks were too small for him to stack as many as he likes. He became frustrated quickly & a new game ensued. Let's toss them like rocks!! lol.  Maybe I missed it in the description, but I expected regular sized wooden blocks & these are about 1 inch squares at about half the size of regular blocks. The design is cute, but not functional. No parent wants a bunch of tiny little wooden blocks with sharp edges all over the house to accidently step on. (yes, that happened...ouch!) and no kid will keep all of the tiny blocks inside the cart. The string is too small for even toddler to pull around, and if it is for babies, they won't understand that concept, so why? The short string only leaves them to sling it around on the floor..and yes, you guessed it...blocks flying all over the place! Cute idea, but not practical.  We played with it for 2 days, tops! I don't recommend."
They are broke already the phone part to the ear came off the first day.
a piece of junk avoid !!!
"The boat goes really fast and it was a lot of fun. After the first time my son used it I considered buying a second boat. However, the battery only lasted 2 recharges before it died. This boat was a birthday gift for my son and it worked for less than two weeks. It was a huge disappointment."
Split at the seam making it unrepairable after only 2 weeks. Don't waste your money.
JUNK
Box came damaged. Item was not new as described.
peeling color to clear .
"Terribly annoying squeaker. We removed it, it was so irritating. And it's really not great for jumping either. You'd might as well just jump up and down on the floor without it...you'll get the same experience as if you WERE using it."
The pictures do not match the item description. Not even close.
Lucky if this thing shoots 75 yards.  Would love to have manufacturers show how they make a water balloon go 400 yards with this contraption
"I bought this as a gift for a child.  His parents called to tell me that they cannot use it because it is in French.  Boy was I embarrassed.  Their child and his parents speak English.  No where in your description did it say that this was in French.  Presently, it is occupying space in my closet.  My hard earned money went to waste.  Going forward, I suggest you inform potential buyers that it is in French to avoid disappointment, embarrassment, and money going down the drain."
The game itself was fine... I was just short a puck! ;(
Lasted only a few hours before popping.
Completely misleading and overpriced for what you're paying for. Waste of money
No instructions to convert to English usless
Same as info on the jump o lens I flat able bouncer.  I was going to return both but felt it was too much money to be waste returning it.
Fake figure and bad quality which made in China without an accessory box!
"Made from inferior material. two broke while inflating, the other two lost air after a short period of time. Not worth the material it's made of."
Was defective when it arrived. It couldn't be inflated because there was already a hole.
"Only giving 1 star because I can't give 0 (or negative). Within 5 minutes of use, we noticed a small leak. Ten minutes later, that small leak was larger than my thumb, and our weekend of floating turned into an early exit of the river as I cut my foot trying to pull the deflated tube out of the water. We tried using flex seal (I don't recommend this, but it was all we had) and it worked for about 2 seconds. So basically, I highly recommend this item if you're looking for a loss of $50, a nasty cut on the foot trying to save your purchase, and about 5 minutes of &#34;fun&#34;.  Also, many of our friends had tubes from this same company. They were purchased last year, used once, and half of them were patched up. Just stay away from this company... I think their business model centers on 0-1 use floats so you have to buy another the next year."
I do not recommend this product. We bought it for my son's bday and the dart release button does not work. The lever is locked and the lever release button does not work either. So now we have a toy that my son hasn't even got to play with because nothing works on it. I RECOMMEND NOT BUYING THIS. Very poorly made. :-(
Did not receive what is pictured. Received a regular find it cylindar. Only bought for the new shape.
"I was so excited to give this to my daughter. As soon as we filled it with water, the tea pot leaked it all out! Maybe it was just my set, since it has positive reviews from others, but we're returning it."
fell apart in less than a month
Very cheap
It's looks nice in the box but it's very small ... it didn't fit :-( .. i didn't like it
Arrived missing all of the hardware and half of the bedding. My nieces birthday is this weekend and now I have to go find something else for her
The clip is too big for a tricycle which is what I wanted it for.  Returned.
The paints dont show up and wear off in minutes. Cheap
Too small
"Did not meet my expectations. Tiles are too narrow to stand on their  own but came without stands. The face card tiles are so similar in look that , in their smaller size, it's hard to tell them apart. My other Rummicubes sets have used only numbers anyway, which I prefer, as it turns out."
"I read the reviews and figured, how poorly made can it really be? Well, the first one we received had a red section didn't work at all. We exchanged it and enjoyed a second one for a few weeks but now the little screen no longer functions so there is no record of what level you are on or the high score. I remembered the game from my childhood and wanted to share it with my son who I knew would enjoy it. I sure wish it lasted a little longer....bummer it lasted just long enough to be out of the window to be returned!"
i dislike this so much i didnt send it back for it probably would cost to much so i just ate it ...when advertising this product you should let people know that you r receiving a disposable fuji freakin camera.
It was too large and bulky which made it almost impossible to get on it.  The BLACK colored area got so hot from the sun that it was uncomfortable to the touch.
Product broke within 3 weeks. Would not recommend.
Quality is ok but they sent one post that was longer than others
Did not work when we received it.  My son was so disappointed. We are returning the product.  Will let you know if we have any problems with the return.
Fell apart after a few weeks.  Yarn unraveled from the mop and duster.  I thought it was so adorable and I knew my little one would love playing with it but unfortunately it didn't last long.
Thought this was a skull I could use as a hide habitat for my snake turns out it has no open holes anywhere on it it's more of a decoration.
"Son recieved as a birthday gift and after one hour of play, it stopped working all together. Reading other reviews this seems to be a common issue. It's too bad because the toy is adirable and my 3 yr old loved it and is now very sad."
They were way smaller than advertised!
"Product came quickly. Arrived with bottle of fog in a bubble wrap envelope. No instructions or packaging.<br />I had seen the instructional video on youtube prior to purchase which was incredibly helpful, but showed things I didn't get. Most notably, there was no syringe for the fog solution - so it was a huge pain to drip the solution into the tiny hole drop by drop. Literally.<br />Then I put in the batteries and pushed the trigger.  Several seconds later a few pitiful puffs of fog came out. Another 15 seconds, a few more pitiful puffs. I understand elements need to heat up, but I never got anything like the continuous stream shown in the video (which is what I expected, and wanted.) There's no preheating like in a theatrical fogger, and eventually after holding down the trigger for any length of time and even keeping it on a flat, level surface, the thing just stopped puffing entirely.  Batteries were new, solution tank was full.... it recovered after I left it for awhile.<br />So... totally useless. This is something I would expect from the dollar store.  Apparently these units are hit or miss?  I see good reviews but mine is a total dud."
i got none of the stickers i was looking for . in the picture first one is a supreme sticker. not one supreme sticker in my bag
Not what I expected for the money I paid for this doll. The hair is horrible not even close to the picture. For that price the doll was supposed to be all silicone.
Popped after a handful of uses
"fell apart, retuned for full refund"
party city wouldn't blow it up for me since I didn't buy it there.
"Good cube, except not the one from the title. I got a YJ GuanLong, (which you can buy for about 5$) not a AoLong. Still, this is a good cube. But it is NOT the AoLong, they can be bought for about 16 USD on at thecubicle.us. Don't get this if you need an AoLong, because this isn't one."
SO HEAVY! They wont' stay on and with them being so heavy they slip and pinch the ear really bad
Took forever to get to me and turned my wrist green within hours.
Pop sooo easy
Not recommended at all too noisy. and it seems VTech have the same voice record for all their toys!!!
Card is much to small!  Doesn't look like the normal size.
Tattoos didn't work
cork broke off immediately and so disappointed my granddaughter!
Stand much smaller than expected. Unable to use. Will give it to Toys for tots  next Christmas. Someone will be able to use it as a toy!t
I ordered this for my petit 2 year old granddaughter. The tube did not hold enough air to keep her head above water and was so small that she couldn't maintain an upright position in the water. It was completely useless!!
So bad smelling that we can't use it
"Seeing the little center panel for identifying the &#34;artist&#34; to wear the apron, it would have been really neat to have that funky-shaped panel be more &#34;squared up&#34; to slide a 4x6&#34; photo of the child doing some painting, or using markers. I'm a graphic designer and was able to cut a fine edge out of the top edge of the panel (only the acetate), and insert a photo with my grand daughter's photo and her name (by ordering a 5x7&#34; print and trimming it down.) What a headache and wished there would have been a simpler way."
backs open way too easily
"Super cheap, lame toy. The body of the butterfly broke off quickly and the glitter started peeling off too. And just like others said, it randomly rings when no one is around. We took the batteries out and missed the return window by 3 days. Bummer."
"This guard could not possibly fit on my 'copter. I don't know what it is designed to fit, but neither of my 'copters could possible fit it."
"Returned this item because it was too tight on my sons wrist, he is a really small wrist and it was way too tight. It worked good but they need to make an adjustment on the band."
The necklaces did not have rainbow beads. They were either a pink necklace or a purple necklace.
"Kids love this.  Parents hate it.  If you have a light sleeper, don't expect this to help.  It has a 45 minute timer, so my son woke every 45 minutes crying to have it turned on again.  All.  Night. Long.  We went through the ordeal of taking it away, and now our son sleeps much better."
Didn't even come.  Total theft
It's cute for a dollhouse.
"Honestly the biggest rip off ever, you are better off buying bulk random cards, every booster was almost identical and there were no planeswalkers whatsoever, really lame that some of the booster packs had up to 3 cards that were only advertisement and not to mention there were no mythics either"
The plastic is not sturdy. Purchased them to use as therapy for my son but he twisted then right off and now they don't return to position.
"If there was a ZERO STARS this would get it.  The design is great in concept, but in practice, the &#34;Connect&#34; straps ripped right through the tubes less than 5 minutes in - we lost 6 out of 10 that we tried connecting togather - POOR design, the straps are hot welded (read glued with heat) to the side of the tubes, which probably does help the integrity and causes the strap to rip the tube before the strap itself would ever fail.<br /><br />These should not be marketed at &#34;River Run&#34; lounges - they are nice lunges, but seem to be marketed horribly, best bet: sit hem in your pool in nice calm water."
Box was badly damaged. We were very afraid it was missing pieces but took the risk since our son's birthday was in a few days.
Bad box.
"Never buy this product.  It over heated and caused a house fire in my home with over $30,000 worth of damage.  The fire inspector said to never charge a battery with this cord unless it is in a bucket of sand."
"So far, it does not work at all.  We're still trying to figure out what's wrong.  Will probably return it if we don't get it to work.  My grandson was very disappointed in his birthday gift."
Don't believe the picture. You are going to receive a something that is nothing like what you're seeing.
Doesn't work. You can hardly see the screen. Poorly made.
It is a cheap tablecloth material. A definite waste of money. Part of it was frayed. It is supposed to be made of polyester but is just nylon taffeta. Not even remotely what I was looking for.
"Absolutely atrocious. You could get five crayola crayons for the quality of this whole set. The crayons write like rocks dipped in paint, the oil pastels are just cheap crayons, water colors are cheap, paint brush has three bristles on it; even the paper is cheap. Extremely cheap and flimsy, and the whole thing is big and bulky. The markers are the only thing that are half decent."
was broken when I opened the package.
"I would give zero stars if I could. Horrible! Doesn't work at all. I a smaller one from Target for $3, and it worked until my kids pried it open. I thought this one would be more robust, it is. If only it actually worked!"
Significantly larger than expected. They seem more like large plastic toys than small necklaces.
Wasted money would it stay together wilted to<br />Once side. Love the way it looks but didn't make the party
"I bought this for my son's 6th birthday, and we were really excited to build the tree house (he wanted to use it as a fort), but we were missing a third of the pieces.  Unfortunately I bought the set over 30 days ago, and amazon will not allow me to return the item."
This expensive helicopter broke during the 1st use
"We ordered this last month as my 7 year old son wanted a remote controlled Ferrari red car. We live in UAE, as the delivery is not available in this country, we got this delivered to our relative in Dallas and then they delivered us to Dubai. Open opening the entire packing, it looked awesome, my son was very happy and excited to play with his new birthday gift. We put the battery on charge for couple of hours before we could use it. But unfortunately it never worked, there may be some problem either with the batteries or charger, they wont charge, even after leaving it for several hours on charge again. This whole set it just lying like that in the corner of his room as a display, sadly he could not play with it even once. He as well us we are very disappointed."
It is a very cute costume dress.  The stitching on the back pulled right away and it has a huge hole down the seam.  Will have to sew it back up.  Would understand if the dress had been washed but this was maybe an hour after having it on.  My daughter didn't cause the rip it was how badly it was sewn.
"awful!  The headline may say Kawasaki, but you won't receive any Kawasaki die casts!"
"batteries didn't last very long, and being 12 he thought this was a larger toy.  It's very small.  Not worth $30+"
I bought two of these cute dogs for my children as gifts for their first day of school. I kept them in the package until the night before I gave them as gifts. I can't believe how much they shed. And I can't return them because I don't have anything else to replace them with. I'm so disappointed.
It did not fit my moms or dads case and the other thing was leaking all over the place.
Missing cards
the machine coin sorter did not match the slots correctly so therfore the coins were not sorting correctly. Some of the coin wrappers did not fit all the way thru the tubes.
"It is terrible😔. We only used it once before it deflated.  Not worth buying, invest in something else that's more sturdy.  I was so disappointed that I spent a good amount of money to only use it once, after that, we couldn't blow it up again."
Missing code for in game SempaI Dozer helmet
"Terrible, it doesn't really erase well and it's super stiff.  Surprising of Melissa and Doug product since their usually excellent quality."
Horrible waste of money.  Butterfly does nothing.  4-year-old daughter played with it for 5 mins and hasn't touched it since.  Don't even bother.
"This item says it's for 6+. No way is it good for a 6 year old.  My husband had trouble with it.  It says it comes with a hole punch - not in package.  Doesn't seem like it will work.  Tried to return it, but missed the cut off my 1 week - we hadn't tried to do it until today. Didn't realize there was a 30 day policy. Amazon is usually better then that.  I thought something by Smithsonian would be good.  Don't buy it."
This sucked! The tiny bibles clump together and fall to the ground!
"This puzzle will randomly make loud noises when the pieces are not in place -- but not until hours after anyone has touched it.  If you have misplaced a piece or put away toys too quickly and bumped a piece out of the puzzle and it is kept in a room where you child is sleeping, a incredibly loud siren will go off at random intervals throughout the night, waking up your child and torturing you.  There is no on/off switch, so you have to find the thing while your startled child screams, sirens blazing, find a screwdriver and unscrew the battery cover to stop the sirens.  My husband thought it would be easier to throw the darn thing away but I was worried the poor garbage man would get into a wreck."
It didn't work right and was returned
"the mother f***** didn't work, I really wanted that boat"
Cash drawer won't open without an adult prying it open. From the very beginning it didn't work. Very disappointed parent and child!!!
"No...just no. Ouch. Bad idea. I would pay to not own this thing. I dont know how you are supposed to slide on this thing. Soap? The kids werent getting it so i decided to show them how to do it, got a running start, jumped for the &#34;slide&#34; and *thunk* yeah this thing is the worst...ever."
Just got it in the mail. Too small to fit the camera of the Phantom 3 Pro. Waste of money and time. Avoid
I Just got theme out the box and 4 of theme where brake and whene i put theme in my mueble 2 of theme came out
"I gave this dress as a birthday present on August 22,2015. I ordered it in July to make sure I could get one for my Granddaughter. When she opened it and wanted to wear it at her Birthday Party The zipper broke and it immediately starting falling apart at the seams. Today which is August 24th, I was going to send it back to Amazon and it came up I could only send it back up to August 1,2015. This dress in JUNK. Please do not spend your money on it. Another word of advice, do not buy gifts that you don't intend to give right away from AMAZON due to their return policy. I would have tried the dress on when I first received it, BUT I do not wear a size 7 Child."
Had it about two weeks one of the motors went bad disappointed
Does not fit mtg cards what a RIP off
The price is to high. It support to be $29.99.
broke as i took out of package....lenses fell right out.  cannot even put in birthday bags for kids. TRASH.
"These looked soooo cute! My daughter loved them when she saw them! But within 24hrs they were falling apart! Returned them literally the next day. Not worth the money, any money."
These broke almost instantly and were returned just as quickly as I got them
My husband and I tried to play this game during a layover going to Mexico. We played maybe for 5 minutes and then tossed it because its not very fun at all. Its a bit confusing and doesn't make any sense sometimes. This is why its a very good idea to playtest games!
Not even 5 balloons holds the water. Waste of money.
Poor knockoff of better metal models.  Parts do not fit well. Poor translation of instructions and tabs too small and tight to cut with small cutters
DO NOT BUY. I only got to wear them once! The bottom part ripped while I was walking so the bottom came right out(its a big block of foam material) there was no fixing it at all. Never buying again and I DO NOT recommend this product to anyone.
"Did not work very well and with little use the very first time out, it got a hole in it and wouldn't hold air.  Patches didn't work well."
The balloons are extremely small and the water linked out within  5 minutes of filling them up.
The fan doesn't work half the time. It's been like this every since we received the product.
"This stupid thing fell apart and, my dog Rollo, ate the pieces, he's still constipated."
DO NOT BUY this item. Four of the five dresses were made with plastic panels. The Velcro on the back was different colors and did not match the dresses.I was very disappointed.
"Terrible product. Do not waste your money. If I could rate a negative, I would. I bought one for each child, and both fell apart within a day!!"
Unfortunately the wires tore through within a week of getting it.
This apron would be great if it had a tie! By bc it doesn't it's all over the place and get in the way.
"Very confusing and time-consuming assembly was required. Light does not work; therefore, the entire product does not work."
"cant tell which way its going, broke quickly but was fun for a few mins."
The instructions seemed all wrong and I definitely didn't receieve enough/the correct pieces. Junk.
"Sorry to say, this product did not live up to the hype that we read on Amazon.  We had another one that we loved, and it lasted us three seasons.  We should have bought the same one.  We had nothing but problems with this slip and side from the moment we opened the box.  The water line inside the &#34;tunnel&#34; was kinked inside the tube, and we couldn't get get it unkinked.  The connection to the hose sprayed more water than the tunnel.  There was a tear in the one side wall of the slide, and there was a hole in the one footing of the tunnel that let the water out.  I ended up having to stand and hose down the kids myself as they went down the slide.  I will be trying to return this item."
Fake loads keep your money
"Cheap price, cheap product, car could not go forward motion right out of the box. I do not recommend to anyone."
Picture peeled off very quickly
The star is too hard for the teething
This has not worked yet and we’ve had it three days. Returning it.
"Junk, didn't work"
terrible quality and it came defective
Thing broke immediately and the title is misleading. Thought I was getting 4 quadcopters not 1.
"Do NOT waste your money on these..... not only these are way overprices, they don't even stay inflated for more than a day with plenty of helium. I can't believe I paid almost 30 dollars for this tiny pack just because it is minecraft balloons!!!!"
"These didn't blow bubbles! Bummer, we really wanted bubbles at our wedding, but instead we just had a bunch of duds to clean up. Alas, at least they were cheap."
"These did not work with my Mac.  I tried downloading from the website, etc. but couldn't get the Zoomy to work. Finally I found a review at their website that stated, despite Learning Resources' claims to the contrary, it really doesn't work with current Mac software.  It's really too bad because I haven't found anything else like this."
Not at all what I expected.  Squirt gun doesn't work very well. It also came out of the box with some kind of brown slime all over it!  Very disappointed with the product.
This is a very fast car for is size but it is poorly built and did not make it more than 2 hours of run time before it broke.  Now we have to buy parts from from another company since Amazon does not sell parts for it.  Avoid this car.
Nice but it does not fit the toy box it's listed to match. It's 2 inches wider.
"Wow, just CHEAP everything!"
Fell apart quickly and was not very good at picking up an audible heartbeat.
The cords over heated and caused a house fire in my home.  Never ever buy this product.
Does not work....no lights...
Not what I was expecting.<br />They were on the small side
"If you buy this used, it will most likely not come with a class registration code.  The manufacturer charges a fee for each class, but provides a coupon for one class free. Buying this used actually costed me money verses buying new."
Motor quit working within 24 hours.
"Half of them don't work, and it is pretty boring :("
This is the 2nd one we have ordered. Last one broke after a month or so and this one broke in less than 1 week. Don't waste your $!
"Probably the worst purchase I've ever made regarding nenodroids. The back hole for his stand is WAY too small. The hands I got have no hole for his hammer. The coloring is horrible. Worst part is, I went 2 years without even thinking about it until I looked up why I was having so much trouble. Not worth the $50. I got jipped and it's too late now for me to return this."
Not one of the loads worked I felt ripped off and thought they were fake loads . Just pieces of wood painted white to look like real loads
"Not very happy with it. We've taken it out once and the strap that came with it broke, and made a surface scratch on the float!! Were not impressed at all!!"
Terrible and cheaply made. They are so flimsy and the material gets caught on the zipper so you practically have to pull the zipper off to get it to zip
"I bought this boat for my nephew. He had a great time speeding it around the lake! When we got home with it he was changing the batteries and it started on fire - needless to say, it's been returned and refunded. Just wanted to let you know that there are some kinks to be worked out with this boat."
Fake loads keep your money
Too small in size. Bad spec info
This &#34;hotel&#34; comes with only one puppy!  ##$%^&*  The packages makes it look like it comes with about 20 puppies.  and now there is no way to buy just extra puppies -- you have to buy a set of something -- some of which come with no puppies when the package shows several.
Poorly made. Lots of the balloons burst before use. No instructions included.
Very small and not a very good quality.
"very bad quality , you need to blow air many times ,  the ball can't keep the air in it."
Only worked twice then it broke.  Controller is off and when you turn on boat it just runs and runs. NO control......
"While the package arrived much earlier than expected, the toys are terrible. Poorly made, broke within seconds of playing with them. I made the mistake of reading the reviews after I had already purchased them and it was too late to stop the process. Listen to all the other reviews and save your money!"
"My two year old could sit on it, not an adult!"
"I'm aware that this is a cheap plastic trophy, but I expected it to look new. When it arrived it had scratches and chips all over it. I ended up not even using it."
Arrived broken. They are junk.
I bought this in April and it broke already. I'm so bummed because my son loved it.
Very disappointed in product. Had purchased nearly 500 for a large family water balloon fight but the balloons did not hold water long enough to even get them all filled. Quit trying after the third batch. Wish they had worked.
First slide popped after 4 hours. I returned it hoping for a refund. They sent a replacement and that one only lasted 2 hours. Now refund is not an option. I have to get another replacement or a store credit. Not worth the hassle. The first one popped a leak at a seam on the bottom slide part. The second one popped a leak at a corner seam on the steps and also one of the steps ripped.
Didn't receive the item in the picture
asked for a imperial but ended up getting a duncan butterfly
it had a slow leak in it
"Searched for one that was in English to no avail.  Wrongly assumed buying from California and also the highest price would be  better. Wrong, box in English directions in Chinese only."
"Veeeeery cheap looking. I've found better looking ones at Target, toys r' us, and Walmart. Don't bother ordering this one here!"
This is NOT A CHILDS HAT
"I can't say enough negative things about this contraption. It's supposed to pick up the blocks, it did only if you run over them just right. I bought this for my convience, only it doesn't work like it says. Half the time instead of picking them up, it's spitting them out! If you buy other blocks, same brand, they don't with with this wagon."
Doesn't clasp together. Very cheap
"It arrived today.....there were only 2 in the box and one was opened.  The bottom of the opened candle is all full of crud, dirty and disgusting. looks like someone picked it off the floor and put it in the wrapper.  On the box it was sent in , it just read sizhonghoa, Jiangsu China.  If thats the quality of merchandise they have, I think amazon should stop dealing with them.  VERY disappointing, and really grossed out!!  I don't even want to see if they work, I just threw them away."
"This says 18 count, but I only received 3 fans. They're nice, but I had to run out & buy more decoration, because this listing was incorrect."
This bey sucks my phantom Orion kicked its beyblade butt if you thing this bey is a good defense type don't get your hopes up get phantom Orion instead
This item is a piece of junk!!!
"I am soooo disappointed with you Little Tykes!!! The construction is poor, you can see and feel the plastic seams which are rough. The door only has 2 options, stays locked with a screw and cheap plastic thing, or not locked. Much smaller than i expected, only room for one child.<br /><br />Putting this thing together was beyond frustrating!!! There is a tool to use which I cursed at every time I needed to use it! Simply put, cheap design and quality."
"I bought this expecting a light blue (like sky blue, azure or cerulean). I ends up going on as a light bluish-gray (think like a light cadet gray), nothing close to the color that I was hoping for. Highly disappointed that I wasted so much money on this..."
Its only one flower and its not what you expect
Did not work only one day and they quit
Impossible to put together!!!  Thought I could do it myself- directions were unclear- My father who has been building cabinets for over 50 years couldn't even help me!
They fall out of crocs the black back isn't big enough
"Wasn't the item pictured , but will use."
"I'm really disappointed in these balloons.  The actual color of the balloons is a hot pink, not at all like the photo."
Got ron motor.need a motor that turns counter clockwise got one that turns clockwise
"I ordered this birthday set for my classroom. It is adorable and I love it. However, when I opened my package today (8/24) to set it up in my classroom, I was missing September and October. Instead, I was given 2 July and August. I would really like the missing months, but don't want to buy another set. Since I missed my window (7/27) for returning this item, it looks like I either have to do without those months or buy it again. I shouldn't be penalized for a packaging error and I hope Amazon can fix this problem."
The material is of very poor quality. Several of the pieces have fallen apart.
"This boat was ok for about 45 days.  Although battery life is short - I signed up for that as seller accurately described.  However, after about 5 charges - the thing just quit working all together.  Quite disappointing."
I did not receive the hat in the photo. I received an ordinary ball cap with a dull red color and a cheaply ironed on logo. It's crap. I will be mailing it to Amazon with a complaint letter. It was for my daughter too.
"I purchased this for my mother in law. She had one similar, but it had broken, so I was trying to find a replacement for her.  This was was apparently defective out of the box.  The plastic piece that was supposed to rotate freely, would barely move & made a terrible, screeching sound.  We should have returned for a refund but by the time I gave it to her & she tried it out, a month had already gone by."
"I have ordered this product twice, and both times the decoder was defective. I then tried another site and I worked perfectly. Do not buy from this seller."
Our minion came with one of the feet sewn on backwards.  Awful.
"bought this toy at walmart and before she got it home the projectile/button broke and wouldn't work, very disappointed"
Didn't work. Never responded to my email to send it back for a refund.
full of slow leaks just like all lthe other pools i have bought from amazon
"When I first got this bad boy I was ready. When my cat scratched on furniture, I rolled up on him 3x blast. Sometimes I would hold it sideways to show I really meant business.<br /><br />The cat got hip to me,  but still bold he had some learning to do.  He scaled the pet fence and gun for my 15 year old daschund. 3 drips. The trigger is locked.<br />Ever see the look in a daschund's eyes after a drive by hump? Poor thing"
"turned out to be super low quality plastic, don't order!"
"I was very excited when I first heard about this product. It instantly brought back childhood memories. Imagine my disappointment when I opened the box to find that no exploding kittens were included, living or otherwise. The contents only include mildly funny, poorly drawn cartoons of kittens exploding. A poor substitute to be sure."
I purchased 4 of these due to the fact that they look so durable on the website. The reality is they are extremely poorly made
Fell apart quickly. Cheap material.
Not at all what I expected.  Doesn't feel game like to the kids with whom I work.
Packs were scaled. Product was tampered with
Too flat to conform to the face and the elastic strap broke after 5 mins. Total waste of money.
It´s trash
"Sorry, but I found it terrible."
"These are the SMALL cups of playdough, not the standard size, so price is VERY high!  I am disappointed in the cost and the product I received.  I was under the impression that I would receive standard sized cups."
backs open way too easily
Its cool wish It came with a protected cover
Terrible performance.  Rotor was not synced and propellers flew off
i did not get all the parts i am dispoint and mad
I did not get the balloons pictured.
"After only two weeks, the plastic near the plug developed a tear so that air escapes.  I would not recommend this item.  It looks like a cute idea, but it really is not a great toy."
"Not happy. Leaks. Maybe I had a defect. Not sure, but had to blow it up to keep inflated every hour or less. It gets flat overnight. Turned into a pain and we were very disappointed."
junk
"This review is for the bedding set.  It is adorable, but the comforter is a bust because once it's been washed, all the stuffing clumps together making it lumpy in places.  It cannot be shaken out so that you have a flat blanket/comforter again.  Very disappointing given the fact that this set was not cheap."
"Takes too much strenght to &#34;pop&#34; them out, and they don't go as far as I imagined."
The package was damaged. Not happy
The critters didn't live that long really only lasted a week! Probably would not buy this product again
I was suppose to get the larger one. Was very disappointed  that it was so small
Cute idea but didn't come out as expected too:(
"My grandson played with it for 15 mins, and it stopped running, turning, lights. Better yet, I put it back in the box, brought it home, packed it up and printed a label to send it back. Went to UPS, scheduled a pick up, put the box out. Went to the doctors, came home, box gone, card from UPS, tried 2 times to pick up box, but it was not there. Someone took the toy that doesn't work. And, I forgot to take out the batteries. So, I am out the money, out the batteries, and out of luck. This toy sucks.....................don't buy this toy. It does not work."
"So in reading the description, no where did it say that you need to add rocks to the bags provided to weight in down. Since that wasn't clear, and the instructions warn you to use smooth rocks or risk scratching the bottom of your pool, that should have been clear from the outset. Instead of the hassle of returning it, we used smooth river rocks from our yard and had our daughter and her friends play with it. They said it just would stay where they wanted it. It spent the rest of the summer in a heap by the pool. Two days ago we dropped it off with a bunch of other stuff we donated!"
Missing pieces and very cheaply made.  The steering wheel attachment would not fit properly and the chassis kept popping off.
We bought two for each of our children and they broke after the first use.
AWFUL. Did not stay inflated. Must have had a small hole somewhere with a slow leak. We left it as a prop for a circus birthday and it was deflated right away. Would not recommend.
Came with broken corners!  Still functions but surprised it wasn't packed more securely.
"More complicated than I wished, and the kids weren't attracted to it."
One light doesn't work second one we had. Also keeps making flips
This airplane sucksF929
"This doesn't spin very well. One sticker appears to have been damaged, not sure it that was in transit. The segments also do not line up very well.<br /><br />It is almost as if the cube was used too, there are either imperfections in the plastic, or damage..<br /><br />I'm not happy with this brand. I cannot recommend this."
My boy is only 10 months. We got this on beginning of July and didn't set it in out outdoor playground til beginning of August. 2 weeks later the swing was all crack and mess up. Sadly I can't ask Amazon for a replace because warranty time is over but I which I could.
"Horrible brock 2 day, not at all durable"
This phone was so quiet that my baby using it couldn't hear it. So you didn't know if it was working. I'm not sure if they are all like this or this one was flawed. But Amazon was great and took it back and I went with a different toy phone.
"We have gotten these before from other sellers and loved them! Our rainbow package was a total bummer, over 50% of the balloons per bunch we leaking so much they were out of water. We didn't wait to use them either."
Piece of crap. 2nd one that's broken. The mold gets stuck and you can't get it out.
"Do not buy this float. We bought it in June and in August the netting in the seat tore. I do believe it was defective. I called they only had a 30 day return policy. The gentleman was nice he said he would put a claim in to the manufacturer. But, have not heard anything as yet. We loved the float til the bottom fell out. Companies need to stand by their products more than 30 days,especially when their product is defective."
Junk
It looked nice and that was all had missing parts on arrival and when ordering I asked it be placed on my porch because of thefts but it was left next to my mailbox and before starting it I noticed the piston and sleeve are way to tight and Redcat won't exchange it so I'm a very pissed off customer will never order anything that has Redcat on it
"these dont work, ball doesnt float. The cups are so soft they were all bent on arrival. Quality sucks!"
Cute toy but poorly made. The nose fell off after about six months.
The device is supposed to show the charging status. Found no indications. The three large LEDs worked erratically and failed to show the number of the battery cells. Returned.
"They look great but do not work with a high rpm motor. Even with the grub as tight as it can go with blue locktite, the center pin slipped out and damaged my aluminum hubs. Might work with a slow crawler but all four failed after five minutes of use. You get what you pay for"
Horrible. Size not accurate.
Product is junk...better quality can be found at the dollar store.
Save money for a reputable company/product. Prop wrench not included. Still not sure what product I have  Box says 107L but prop protector doesn't fit.<br /><br />Perhaps the Blade organization has me spoiled.
Adorable!  Not a toy for babies but Mom and Dad.
Complete piece of crap.  The controller would not even turn on so I couldn't use it.  Make sure you do NOT order from China so you can return it to an Amazon seller for a full refund when it arrives broken.
This &#34;thing&#34; had to be inflated. Does it even LOOOK like it is not solid? False advertising at it's height
It's a &#34;Light&#34;saber with no LIGHT? WT?
"Got them, charged them up and use them for 1 hour on and fpv 200mw system. When to charge them and both packs had dropped to 6 volts. Real mah Is about 200."
It was a good ball. I really liked it. It's worth it.
"Not happy!!! I got this as a gift for my niece. When I opened it there were only 3 balls inside, and it said there were 6 ball in the description."
"Wish it actually worked......no lights, nothing"
"Within the first week of having this, the clip part broke off. I wouldn't buy it again. Very cheap product."
DO NOT BUY THIS!!! IT DOES NOT WORK  THE WORSE PURCHASE OF YOUR MONEY BAD!!!
The entire left arm broke off when opening the package.
The top of dress is not the same as in the picture and one glove missing. The seller is not helpful. After I sent him the picture of what I receiveid.
"did not receive the version shown in the picture, hence the rating. i actually like what i got, but, i can't use it for what i originally planned to, as the plastic eyes and nose could come off and choke my baby. what i got looks very much LIKE what's in the picture, but, again, the eyes and nose are plastic, not embroidered, while the chest markings are embroidered, not painted. on its head is a string connecting a suction cup so you can hang it in a car window."
"The packaging looked as if it had been sitting around for ages but it worked so I let that slide. Then the batteries gave out after about an hour,  I took it to have the batteries replaced and now it doesn't make any sounds. It was a gift for my son and to see the look of disappointment when his sonic screwdriver no longer worked was heartbreaking. If I could give it no stars I would"
"Sooooo very disappointed, mine does not spin--AT ALL"
"I'm pretty sure the card I ordered is fake.<br />The stars, picture, and attribute circle are all holographic with everything else is a sticker on top.<br />There is a definite threshold between the two layers and normal Yu-Gi-Oh cards are not like this.<br /><br />I am highly disappointed in this and won't order through this buyer again."
Was not impressed with this kit.
"I only received Goku they messed up my order or something, it came in its own little box, it's too small, what a let down, my worst Amazon buy!"
Almost all of them fell apart quickly.
Very small did not work!
so bad
Kinda disappointed in this toy. Bought for my 6 year old because he asked for a voice changing bullhorn for his bday. Has 6 voice changing modes and most of them sound the same. Really scratchy and not clear sounding. You hear your own actual voice coming through more than the voice changer. My sons had it for a week now and isn't impressed with it and doesn't play with it as much as I thought he would.
Ive bought 2 of these and BOTH had really bad paint apps. I am done. No excuse for this.
Just received these and they are going back!  They say red and I ordered red but what showed up was burgundy. Super dark.  Don't order the
The blueprints where missing copies of 2 and 12. They included two copies of 3 and 13. E-mails to Bojeux Inc. resulted in nothing.
I got the case ONLY.  NO CARDS.  COMPLETE RIP OFF
Real pathetic attempt to make socialism look good. Sad.
poor quality than the one they use to have previously made
Junk without adequate instructions in broken English. Stay away!
Cube broke apart after only 5 to 10 times of use.
"There was no damage to the box/packaging, but one of the lenses in the snorkel mask was very clearly broken/shattered upon receipt. I arranged for a replacement through Amazon and prepared to send this one back. The replacement showed up promptly, but this mask didn't look right either. I crossed my fingers that it was something that could be wiped off, but both lenses had scratches directly in the center that would impact your vision. This one is going back, too, but for a refund, not a replacement. Doesn't anybody look at the item before tossing it in the box? I know it's a cheap set, but my little one was so excited about it."
"Terrible :( Firstly, the directions are quite confusing and written oddly. After figuring out the directions, I tried the half of the crystals with directions and they didn't come out. I then tried the rest by altering the instructions (hotter water, less water, etc.) and still nothing. All of the rocks came out just sitting in the &#34;chemicals&#34; and colors, just a sad mess. Waste of time and money."
No matter how hard your child begs for this- dont buy it. They should be turned in to the better business review!
"HORRIBLE. my daughter LOVES peppa pig. this is terrible, the balls that it comes with doesn't even cover half of the floor. the ball pit itself is really nice, seems durable so far, nice big doors for them to climb in and out of, but its a BALL PIT, it NEEDS to come with more balls! i ended up buying a pack of 150 balls but it still isn't enough, probably one more pack ad it will be good. i included a picture of the balls that it came with, really dissatisfied with the amount of balls in a BALL PIT."
It  is  fake
DOES NOT keep the person afloat. Too short as well...could hardly get it around and under my arms. Barely touch my arm pits!
"Junk, squished, cheap, doesn't work well in any nerf blaster. Waste of money. Wish I'd spent more and gotten a usable product."
"These did not work well for pinata stuffers as I had hoped. But the plastic type, the paper doesn't work well at all. I was disappointed."
Fade and break.
These were not what we expected at all. The photos and description was not accurate.
"There tiny, you could three in a hand - one was deflated. Cheap looking."
Very hard to fly maybe it was our fault but we couldn't fly it and we flow and other stuff
These were not big enough r son is special needs he plays with a ball in his hands all the time
R son liked this but it broke after he played with it for few days
Does not fit at all. Very cheap.
Never worked the way it was supposed to.  very disappointed.
"This product is expensive and very cheaply made.  It ran for one day and the battery would not recharge.  We ordered a new battery and charger.  Same thing happened; it ran for one day on the new battery and the second battery would not charge.  I am now stuck with two batteries, two chargers and a riding toy that won't work.  Don't waste your time or money.<br /><br />J. in Houston"
That's not even Rob van dam 😂😂😂
"I thought these would be the travel games that I remembered from my childhood but they were HUGE! I felt it was very misleading. They are smaller then the standard version in the store and I do feel these would be great for someone short on space or RV traveling but a true 'travel' game in the car, NOPE!"
"This is the smallest toy stroller I have ever seen.  My granddaughter is 21 months and somewhat small, and she has to bend over to be able to push it.  It is sturdy and made very well but it needs to be a bit taller.  For me I would say it was a waste of money because it will not get much use and for what I had to pay for it I am disappointed!"
Bulls***
Poor quality.  Nice that it's made in the US. However all the plastic pieces were just thrown into the box and then scratched up the frame.
"Made soooo cheaply. I mean it's $40!!!! So you think before you even see it that it's a T shape so it's goona fall over constantly, well you would be Right! It comes with 2 tiny kickstand type pieces that fit into each side on the bottom but they don't stay in at all so worthless. The ladder as well never stays on. Overall a huge disappointment. Save your money on this one."
It was a terrible deck
"Super disappointed. Literally a stack of questions and two dice. No game board or trying trivial pursuit mainstays like scoring pies or wedges. There is actually nothing in the box to keep score with actually you just are supposed to collect cards. The questions are challenging I will give them that. I'm excited to try and play just think this should've been $10 instead of $20. Skips guardians also in questions in favor of age of ultron. So the questions are for: iron man, Incredible Hulk, iron man 2, Thor, captain America the first avenger, avengers, iron man 3, Thor the dark world, captain America: the winter soldier and avengers: age of ultron. I hope the fact that it says this is made to be expandable means they add more stuff that isn't just questions after this but not gonna hold my breath."
"If anyone in your house has hair with any length at all, do not buy these!  They are very similar to Velcro, and mixed with even medium length hair, they create a nightmare!"
They did not work 4 out of 5 had dead batteries. The only one that work actually look very cool
not worth what i paid
Daughter was so excited to get this ..but the blue dog Thunder seemed to be jammed so we exchanged it only to be even more disappointed because the second one wont even turn on - very frustrating!!
"I ordered bicycle cards as pictured, but received Hoyle instead."
"Wish I could give this product 0 stars.  Filled them up following directions & tips.  Out of 66 balloons 5 stayed filled. The little rubber bands that are supposed to seal them do not work.  So as not to disappoint a group of kids, I hand filled each balloon and knotted them myself...Took over an hour. Slow shipping as well...took almost a month to arrive. Ordered in early July received in Aug."
"When I placed the order, it looked like there were 4 different X-10's in 4 different colors. When the order came in there was only 1. I feel the order was misleading."
Over half had holes and could not blow up.
"Very disappointed in the technology. In order for the message to reach my grandchildren, my daughter or son-in-law must receive the message, be near the CloudPets, and then pass the message on. It was not what I was expecting. When my daughter and I watched the ad, we thought they would be able to receive the messages and pass them on to whomever was approved much easier."
My truck was incomplete at all
"I was expecting hundreds of bubbles to flow out of this thing, and well, it was more like 10 or so.<br />My toddler was very disappointed. I got instead one of those handheld battery operated handguns, and that one can fill the sky with bubbles. Truly can't recommend this unit.<br /><br />I did try it both  with AC and batteries, and different wind positions."
Item was received with damage not mentioned in the description.  This was clearly before shipping.
I bought for this and when I pumped air into it let go of the air. I want my money back
Junk.
The vertical fin HBZ7911 arrived broken
its a big piece of junk the end broke easy as pie and I think I just spent $40.00 for nothing
"A lot smaller than I thought it would be, iI'd about Palm sized...my daughter can't really cuddle with that.. I wasn't too pleased."
"This looks like a solid product but it came trashed. The packaging was beaten up with numerous holes (ultra thin cardboard) and the product was not wrapped propperly. The screws and nuts were just tossed into the box and it came with only 3 screws and 2 nuts (need 4 of each for the chassis). It also did not come with any nuts to hold the wheels in place and I'm sure it's because they fell out of the holes. To top all of that off, the shaft that connects to the steering wheel came bent. I highly do not recommend buying this product unless you're absolutely willing to put in the work to fixing it first and then assembling."
Soon... I brought this last Christmas for my 2yr old and I re looked it up bc I'm selling it and wanted to see how much I pad for the stupid thing! Maybe mine was defective or something or these reviews are fake but it doesn't work at up it backs up goes forward stops randomly my son use to get frustrated and cry so I took it away and has been sitting in a closet for months 😒
"No, most of the balls that I received had holes in them."
"We bought this  for Easter, after I got it I realized I went overboard and ended up saving it for a day when my girls were extra well behaved and deserved a fun reward. We got this out today, played it for an hour before the letter pad stopped working. We were having a great time and it would have been a great learning toy if it hadn't broken right away :( we tried replacing batteries and nothing worked"
It was much smaller in size than what was portrayed.
"Gave this to my Grandson for his birthday, the gun trigger does not work, when the gun is loaded and cocked it automatically fires without the trigger being pulled. Based on the description of the gun I don't think this is how it is supposed to function."
This isn't the classic game. The pieces are bigger and the openings are much wider and the cards that tell you what part to remove are not included.
Garbage
"The board is really cheaply made. It probably costs them $1 to manufacture this pos. Not a nice product at all, these reviews must be fake..."
"My daughter was very excited to pick out her new backpack. She was thrilled to find her favorite Inside Out characters on a pack. We are disappointed to report that the quality of the backpack was not what we antipated-the zipper broke on the first day of use, the zipper on the lunch bag is difficult to use, and the clasp to hold the lunch bag to the pack was poorly stitched (unable to hold the bag-we had to remove)"
"I wish I could give this purchase a ZERO star! The boat does not look like the one pictured. The motor does not work and the once we put it in the water it flipped over and sunk to the bottom of the tub. My little one was completely disappointed, as was I! Unfortunately I did not read the other reviews before purchasing this, or else I would have seen that every other person has had the same same issue! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!! Waste of time and money!!!"
"I ordered this headset for my granddaughter for her birthday, so she could take it with her on the airplane to Disney World today.  Well, IT DIDN'T WORK.  Piece of junk.  My three-year-old granddaughter was so disappointed.  When I checked the order, Amazon's return policy is for a month, which expired YESTERDAY.  This is a defective product and Amazon should see to it that a replacement is sent ASAP."
"Very cheap materials.  Instructions poorly done, resulting in a miscue which literally prevented the completion of assembly (attached the wheels to the axl before attaching the axl hub to the chassis).  Once the wheel nuts are on, they can't be removed without destroying the wheel or cutting the axl in half.  Will try to cut the wheel off and use one of the trailer wheels in its place."
"Buy these 2 stuff. Weeks later, mail from China only contains one piece of plastic balloon. That's right just one piece of balloon."
This toy doesn't work appropriately - the truck doesn't seem to weigh enough to press down the buttons that initiate the launching of the truck. Returning.
Feels and looks cheap. There is brown fur along the seams on its white legs and the mouth is not symmetric.  I returned this without hesitation. Hopefully they will listen to these complaints and will make better quality toy.
Mine came already defected . The idea is good but the quality scarce.
It was fun while it lasted. We played with it twice before it stopped pumping. Don't waist your money.
On first time use water pressure very low raise a little more water pressure and didn't take long for water to rise then pop one of the front of the slide busted not happy but my grandkids had fun for a couple of hours
Thought it made sounds. It doesn't.
This is terrible. Very misleading description. I thought I was purchasing a die cast vehicle that would complete my son's smoke jumper collection. This is cheap spray painted plastic and only about two inches in size.
"The product worked out of the box for maybe 5 minutes.  The second time we tried to use it, the motor was running but was not producing any bubbles."
"garbage, doesnt even open all the way on its own."
Games last on average one single card play
"My order came today earlier than expected , And I thought everything was find until i looked close and did some research and saw that this figure was fake , It looks like a real levi figma but its not , All the pieces came but some essential packaging and other things were missing including instructions . The figure itself is loose on some parts ."
"This car is pretty cool as remote control cars go.  I purchased this at a local toy shop with a great return policy.  Within 60 days, just as another reviewer also said, it wouldn't go forward or backward anymore, only turn around and around.  Fortunately they took it back no questions asked.  The second car has lasted about another month and today the remote control has completely stopped working.  Excellent concept, poor product quality."
Took forever to be delivered. Badly painted. Disappointment all around.
"Like someone else said, impossible to not break something.<br /><br />Don't buy this cheap thing"
I got this For my nephew and it came broken there was no bow .. Not happy with this product at all .. I want my money back.
The car is really slick other than the fact that it has a screw issue so I couldn't get it out of the Styrofoam without breaking it...
I have no complains about the product but the service associated sucks big time. I am buying couple of toys from VTECH  so i ordered this one with another VTECH toy. Both of them are pretty close and same and i decided to return it but the return shipping is almost $7 for an item worth $19.<br />That is horrible when AMAZON is selling it itself.  This item is more suitable for kids who can answers questions. If your kid is smart enough to find or to understand the questions then it is good. It doesn't have rhymes in it and it is very small. So i would prefer for 5+ years only no less than that.<br />However one star is for the service rather than the product. The product should be good for 5+ years only.
Fell apart after several years of use.
Great rc! Horrible charger wires not connected out of package. Please send another charger.
"The 2&#34; toy is fine, why is cost $17 is insane."
Came with a hole in it.
"Was given as a gift. No sunshade included! Box says one was included, but not there!!"
Tried four different sets of ants and they all died. Very disappointed.
Junk
the music its not clear.
Was not the American package
The first one did not work at all. The second one was not compatible with US electric outlets.
Very poor quality. Returning product for one I saw at Costco.
"Cheap, cheap,body parts broke immediately upon playing with them"
I was so excited to out this puzzle together but I realized that it is missing  a piece! I cannot complete my puzzle without it. I hope the company can send it to me so I can complete it!
Correct me if I am wrong but based on this coin being 14 mgs(not grams) it is worth 75 cents.  You are better off buying a Snickers bar.  It will taste better than the bad taste in your mouth after someone tells you that it is worthless.
"This is the first time it has ever happened to me when buying direct from Amazon, but this product was used. There was a human hair completely wrapped around on of the propeller motors, and all of the props were scratched up. The unit does come with a second set that I used to  replace the first and it ultimately worked, but this is still unacceptable. As far as a mini drone, it drifts a lot and is not easy to fly. This model also does not have the protective rails like some of the other similarly-priced models from the same manufacturer, so the blades are completely exposed - not safe for kids."
"Title, pictures, and description are very misleading. Says &#34;set of decorations&#34;; &#34;set&#34; implies more than one, decorationS (as in plural) also implies one than one. However, I reviewed 1 squirt figure. When I called about the other 3 in the set, I was told the listing was for 1 figure, not a &#34;set&#34; of the 4."
Very cheap.
"I purchased this item because I find the full-size Sequence game excellent. The travel version is USELESS.  There is only one card of each kind, which makes it almost impossible for either player to win, and there is absolutely no strategy involved. I would NOT RECOMMEND this game."
it should have been negative because that is what he's been worth to our economy. NOTHING
Searching for children's toys and this comes up? Really?!
Came with head broke off.. Terrible packaging as well!! Very disappointed!!
"I did not receive the pirate fairies, I got the fairies from secret of the wings."
It took less than 20 minutes before I realized it was hopeless for me to even think about helping my granddaughter assemble this kit. The directions were non-existent--we were supposed to follow the photos which were unclear--and the pieces were flimsy and unstable. My granddaughter ended up creating a magic wand instead of a roller coaster. What a terrible disappointment!
"(Posted by Lea Ann's husband Ed)<br />This gets a 5 star review from my 4 year old grandson because loves having a sandbox with shade. (PERIOD!).<br /><br />CONSTRUCTION: As for the rest, only ONE STAR!  I anticipate this thing will only make it through the summer (and it is then end of August now!)then it's to the burn pile with it. The wood pieces were very light weight, warped & twisted. The hinge screws were only in 3/4th the way and in sideways, I had to remove them and re-screw them in. The hinges were bent. The cloth cover is supposed to be held on by 2'' Velcro strips several inches apart, except that no matter which way you lay the material on the roof slats, they DO NOT match up AND the panel is narrower then the roof slats. I ended up using 1/2'' staples to attach the roof cloth and had to stretch the material tight to get it to reach both sides. I am a carpenter so I was able to make it work but the typical homeowner/grandparent would be pulling their hair out.<br /><br />PACKAGING: This thing was pack with foam strips that disintegrate during shipping. The tiny foam pieces stick to every inch of the wood with static electricity. Be prepared for a big mess cleanup and pray the wind isn't blowing the wrong way.<br /><br />My advice, buy it if you have money you'd like to waste and are willing to fix it right out of the box."
This product is tiny and adorable but the sewing and coloring is awful. Coloring is definitely splotchy and not a solid color the points on the head are poorly sewn and can see hot glue!<br />... Definitely poorly made.
Ours did not work at all.Made a few noises but nothing ever came out. Going to try to send it back. So disappointed. 5 year old grandson was so excited to play this but it was a dud!😞
Buyer Beware!  I bought this along with several books.  Spent over $100.  The warranty is only good for 3 months and it broke after 5 months.  Read the reviews online before buying.
I didn't think they had a good scent...
"I bought this for a kindergartener.  After one year, the lining between compartments ripped, the zipper slabs broke off, and the plastic tabs on one of the straps broke.  I was able to stretch it out to two years, but was hoping it would last longer, given the good reviews."
"I never worked , very bad product."
"I bought this for my son's 4th birthday and it worked perfectly for two weeks!  Then, for some reason, the voice mechanism began to sound muffled and hollow!  And,...the laser light on the arm stopped working consistently!  What a costly disappointment!  I wish I could return it but my son would be heartbroken!"
"The rim broke after one use with the kids' friends over. I know it's meant to break away, but now it won't go all the way back up and breaks away with every basket. Worthless."
Not at all like picture. .only one tray. ..very disappointed. .
"really small, but then again did not pay much, really hard to play with even for tiny hands, would not recumbent this bundle"
"Junk- falling apart, doesn't stay upright"
"First impression: loved. Good size, different from other stress balls with the hard beads<br />Second impression: disappointment. Bought this at the end of June, received it first week of July, it is mid August and I had to throw it away....unused. The rubber outside cracked and deteriorated so the beads could fall out easy.<br />I am a teacher and I bought this for my sped kids and they never got to use it...I'm afraid to buy another..."
"Don't waste your money. I bought this at the beginning of August, my kids have used it 3 times, and here we are today and the top ring won't stay inflated. It's complete junk because we don't let the kids bounce on it or anything."
broke within a week.  Green stopped lighting up and the other colors soon followed.
"They aren't reusable. I have rubbed them on my hair, the kids hair ....they don't work twice. Which makes this a very expensive box of stickers. Boo : ("
These fell apart before I could give the trike to my granddaughter.  It would have cost more to return them than to just throw out.
"Got the package, doesn't work at all!"
"Paid $1 for this at Dollar Tree, didn't work from the get-go."
"I love Melissa and Doug, but this is the first product of theirs that I am severely disappointed with.  The sliding doors immediately fell off their tracks and will never stay on.  My 3 year old almost never plays with it.  I would return it if I could.  Instead I will probably donate it soon.  So sad, because my daughter LOVES horses and I thought she would adore this little barn.  The horses that came with it were also extremely cheap - obviously glued together and couldn't even stand up on their own.  Terrible product, and I don't expect that from M&D."
"These are tiny miserable pieces of plastic which,when vigorously shaken, may emit just enough light to be seen in your hand if it is very dark. One or two are bright enough to be seen from a few yards away. The brightness is very low, and inconsistent from stick to stick. I tried these and bought cyalume instead."
Really disappointing. Cheaply made.
My debit card number was stolen and used fraudulently after I bought these and they were the only things I had used my debit card to buy that week.  Had to change my card number and it was a huge hassle.
"Was suggested this for my Autistic son. He opened the box and I thought it strange he didn't have to undo any tape or anything. When I read the box it even said a parent needed to undo it. I should have known right there.... it had been opened and sent back once already. It didn't work - no music. When I went to repurchase, low and behold it had been the last one. I can't believe they would re-shelve and then resell something broken. My kiddo was heartbroken."
"I bought one and returned it because it never turned on. The battery pack was not the correct size, and one of the batteries was not making contact. I returned it and bought another one. I had the same problem. It wouldn't turn on and upon checking the batteries again, one of the batteries wasn't making contact. The design is poor."
Not what I expected. The diamonds are tiny.
"I ordered this chess set for a vertical chess board I am building. I saw 7 inch king sets elsewhwere which would have made the board to long for the space I have. I measured for a 6 inch king and it fit perfect for the wall space. PROS - I got the set in a reasonable time, the pieces look good CONS  - the king was ONLY 5 INCES TALL!!!! I have emailed seller and no response. I will provide another update on my situation when I hear back. In all fairness I have not returned the set just yet, I may adjust my builid to make  a 5 inch king will work with the wall but my point is I ordered a 6 inch king set which is what I expected and  paid for based on what was advertised and it is NOT what I got."
"Very poor quality!  Pieces broken upon arrival, paint messy on each character"
"Product got stuck to the wrap, and had some of the label stuck to it. did not turn and it's just a lame product in general. Expected more of it . or at least to look bigger and in much better quality. Fell on the floor one time and chipped . would not recommend it to anyone."
"product did not work, poor design"
Horrible! Sizes are not accurate
"I purchased this robot from www.robotshop.com, assembled it, turned it on and then attempted to take it through it's calibration. Nothing! I then went back through all of the servos to double-check the connections and everything was perfect. I promptly sent www.robotshop.com an email requesting assistance and they responded back to me about three weeks later. Their response was a forwarded message from the manufacturer &#34;dongbu&#34;, which essentially stated that I needed to check the servo connection, which I did, and run the &#34;HerkuleX&#34; software, which won't install on my Windows 7, 64-bit computer. After spending over $1,000.00 for this robot, I expected the customer service experience, from both www.robotshop.com and &#34;dongbu&#34;, to be more substantial. I sent the www.robotshop.com and &#34;dongbu&#34; an email requesting a unit that is functioning properly. I'll update this review appropriately based upon their response. I've copy/pasted my email to both companies, if you would like to read it.<br /><br />MESSAGE:<br /><br />Hello Sébastien,<br /><br />I was quite methodical on how I constructed this robot. Furthermore, I am positive that all servos, etc. were connected and secure. Nonetheless, I have audited each one manually and have concluded that this robot is defective. To me it appears to be either a battery or CPU issue.<br /><br />As an aside, when I purchased this robot from your website, your advertisement led me to believe that I would be receiving a robot that used a U.S. plug. The robot I was shipped appears to have an Asian or European plug. NOTE: The assembly document warns against using converter plugs, etc. In terms of the HerkuleX Manager software, when I attempt to install the software, I receive an error message. I have attached a screenshot of the error message. Is this software compliant with Windows 7, 64-bit? If not, please advice.<br /><br />Sébastien, I am exceedingly busy and frustrated with my purchase and have already invested way too much time and effort into this challenge. What's more I have a son who needs this robot for his engineering class. I would like to have this robot exchanged for another one that is fully assembled, audited for defects and completely operational, prior to being sent to out me. I will of course pay for the assembly. Please advice how you would like to receive this robot.<br /><br />Kind Regards,"
Biggest waste of money ever. My granddaughter was very disappointed. The packages cost around $7 each and the cookie mix gives you the equivalent of maybe a half a cookie. In order to make cupcakes you have to buy another kit!  My 8 year old granddaughter wanted to return it but since it was a gift I missed the 30 day return. Would give if a zero star if there was that rating
This is partially my fault but I was very disappointed in this order. The picture is very missleading. I assumed there was 6 buzzers to an order for the $9 being charged. But was suprised and disappointed when there was only one. I recommend you read the description and not as unexpected like I did. I would never have paid $9 for one very  small plastic buzzer.
Terrible! Terrible picture quality! It's really smaller than I imagined and sooooo cheap! Do not buy!!!
"very disappointed with quality and the picture is not a true representation - the 'skirt' does not exist, the head piece is not full as shown - just flat material and the workmanship is poor"
"Poor,poor quality. The side of the book bag is sewn to the back not allowing it to expand. Because of this I can't even put his binders in it. I wasted my money! It's useless! I tried to attach photos but it won't allow. Save your money!!!"
Not as expected. Followed directions but disappointed in blowing bubbles and catching them. The slightest breeze made it impossible to catch a full bubble. Horrible taste in mouth after blown nag bubbles. Will keep trying. Lots left in bottle.
"I wouldn't recommend this at all, i bought 2 of these and both fail a range test with my DX8 at 20-40 feet a far cry from the 90 feet it should perform at. the final straw for me was when I nearly lost my cub at only about 100 or so yards away.  Spend the extra money and get a genuine spektrum receiver. It's much less than a new airplane."
The item was listed as 100% complete and was missing a large part to the game making it not usable. It had to be returned.
This &#34;dresser&#34; is terrible and was returned the next day.  It might work to store toys in but it would not hold clothes because it is really just two shelves.
"Purchased this product because it is a similar design to one I had previously. The 2 I purchased were smaller than the original, but still of good size. Both of them were ruined within 2 or 3 uses... with no more stress placed on product than by an average adult hopping into it to lounge on. They both tore at the seat/tube interface and quickly lost air. Irreparable. NO durability! Inferior product."
"Failed to work, V Tech has always been a good quality until now."
Not at all what I expected.
"Like many buyers, I supported this on Kickstarter - I am the model for Shady Captain in the game.  Three years after paying, my Collector copy of the game still has not arrived, I was sent a copy of the next level down.  No idea when my proper copy will arrive, Liz does not answer questions.<br />It's a very pretty game - box, pieces, cards, all very lovely.  Unfortunately, the rules and gameplay are not so lovely.  There are massive amounts of downtime, and the nature of the game means that you cannot plan your next move until everyone else has finished their turns, which means that in a four player game it can easily be five minutes of you watching other people deliberate what cards to buy.<br />When it IS your turn, 90% of actions are a simple &#34;add up my blue/green points - if they beat the monster total, I win&#34;.  So next to no tactics, just a long slog to the finish.  In the three games I've played, although it would have been possible to stop the leader from winning, in every game the other players decided to let them win, just to get the game over with.<br /><br />This is a game that I am actually in - I'm on one of the cards in every copy of the game! - but it's such a poor gaming experience I still don't want to bring it to the table.  Very pretty, everyone will gasp when you put it on the table....but they will be yawning by the time they finish playing.  Avoid."
"The flashing only works when I hold in the button inside the it.  As soon as I let it go, the flashing stops.  I sent an email to the shipper via Amazon, but I haven't heard back.  For a flashing Fedora, this doesn't work.  Hopefully it can be replaced without additional cost."
It doesn't glow in the dark and it is very runny and messy. It is different from slime and don't know what to call it. My daughter doesn't want to play with it.
Too small and too light in color.  I cannot use them.
this cake topper looks very cheap and the coloration is not as pictured. I was very disappointed with the looks of the characters as well. Doc hardly looks similar to what she should and lamby's eyes are closed??!  I guess you get what you pay for with this product! The rings are true to color and the characters look as they should appear.
Did not come with all parts. Some of the parts were disfunctional. Not gonna buy it again.
to narrow hurt feet everything worked but uncomfortable for kids tender feet shame on you disney
This price is outrageous Target has it for 39.99
Items cracked when you bounced them.
fell apart in a week! Junk
These are NOT made for fishing poles I believe they are for golf clubs
Had this for 2 days. After a crash it won't get more than 1 foot off the ground. Can't find any useful info online about this problem. Waste of time and money
"Save your money… don't buy a disappointing trash toy.can't handle a light breeze,very difficult  to make it do anything,very little control or no control.too little info to tell how to fly this crap.battery can not charge to get over a minute,is it the battery or the charger who knows.red light on charging then red light turn off when finish… red lights stay on for hours and overnight. the only working thing on this is the HD camera.it might last a few more month.I went on youtube,read about this, learn all &#34;how to:&#34; stuff. As a beginner this thing is all wrong.6 axis gyro,is it doing anything?can't tell.can't control."
Did not work...
Ordered 2 of them.  Both had cracked spouts.  Definitely not worth $30. Very disappointed.
I ordered the Vault Boy and received this ugly thing
"picture in description is very deceiving and should come with warning.  although the seller does give you the stuff they show on top of the box, the rest of the box is filled with plastic junk.  very small pieces of tiny spinning tops no more than the size of a nickel, erasers no larger than the size of a dime and not to mention i received 10 plus baby bottles no longer than an inch or so. To add insult to injury my daughter grabbed one of the baby bottles, and the plastic at top was not cut correctly in production and she scratched herself. If you are looking for a good mix of very small pieces to what is shown on top then this would be a good box, but if you are looking for more of a variety of what is shown on top, do not buy this box.  I will throw several of the very tiny pieces away as they are useless to anyone.  There are MANY variety party boxes on amazon that have a better quality mix then this box. (esp. if you are looking for any of the boxes with tiny tiny pieces, not to mention a lot cheaper) When able too, i will post photos of the small pieces to show how much worthless junk you get. Skip buying this box, and look further on Amazon."
Very disappointed because the launch system pictured is not the launch system that comes in the package. I returned mine... Waste of time
No...not very practical when the kids start building. The pieces are smashed together and break projects and the edges do not lay that flat if you are thinking about dragging an existing project on there. A small tarp would work better than this.
A very expensive turd
"Worthless toy that our 8 yo son got for his birthday.  We were all very excited based on the box.  He put it together by himself, and then was very frustrated that it wouldn't work, despite putting together properly.  We verified he had done it right (it is super straight forward), and it won't do anything.  Reviews elsewhere seem to show this is a worthless toy, that maybe if you wander around, you might get one station to briefly come in.  There is also no educational angle on this toy; it doesn't have any science lesson or learning aspect.  SAVE YOURSELF THE DISAPPOINTMENT AND MONEY, AND DON'T BUY THIS."
Flimsy construction. We had to duct tape the hose to keep it attached. Not worth the $.
They turned out to be 2 inches tall. The ones I looked out were 6 inches tall.
It was the wrong size for the drone it was suggested to buy with
The tattoos don't come off of the backing. We tried about 15 and all of them stuck a little to the paper. So they were all ruined.
Items came broken do not buy need refund will call bank for charge back
These were supposed to be neon but absolutely weren't neon. Not at all as advertised they were primary colors .
Wont stay on the bed. Had to add bands to it.
Have had this for 2 month the arm keeps coming off can't return after 30 days bad product
Crappy little amount and won't pick up newspaper images.
"got two, one worked and one didn't and now neither do"
"They really did not meet my expectations, they look very cheap.  I won't put them on my bracelet. I would not recommend them."
These are not worth the ordering online there was 8 of us for marathon and pens gave  so no would not buy again
"Today I give my son this train for his 6th birthday. When we opened it, every single piece was completely covered in mold along with the smell. The stickers that are supposed to be used on the traffic signs would not even peel off because they were so moldy and dry rotted. Very disappointed because my son was so excited to get this train."
It's a &#34;Light&#34;saber with no LIGHT? WT?
I weigh 112 lbs and this raft won't keep me up. Sinks.
"Returned, not sure if the tent was any good or not, but it arrived in a broken down box and it was clear that someone else had bought and returned it as well."
Helicopter does not sync with remote. Complete waste of money. Amazon got the product to me earlier than advertised so way to go amazon!
totally worse Lego fake. can not recommend it. smells chemical. doesn't fit well. not even worth one dollar.<br /><br />do children a favor and dot by this crap. go for real Lego and and don't give kids these poises toys.
"Didn't look like picture. Felt super slimy and did nothing when you 'smash it' pretty much a white slimy, sticky oval and nothing else."
Item was returned ink was dried up
"If I could give this zero stars, I would. My 5 year old son had been asking for one of these since he first saw the commercials. He got two for his birthday and was super excited. We blew the first one up during his party and he literally played with it for less than 10 minutes before it popped. A partygoer barely touched it with his hands and the thing disintegrated. Needless to say, my son cried, the partygoer felt terrible, and the ball was ruined. So, we move onto the second ball he received, he played with it for a few minutes and then left it alone. About a half hour later, I hear a \\""POOF\\"" and investigate and see that the second ball is popped now, too! The ball was laying on the inside of a tent and there was nothing around it to have caused it to pop. Horrible product and a waste of money. If you like watching kids cry, this is a great product for you. Otherwise, it's bulls***."
"Does nothing but, make a mess.I put the cubes in the freezer for 8 hours. I then put cold Koolaid inside up to the fill line. I shook it for 3 minutes and, I got nothing! It only takes like 2 minutes to make a slushie in the blender. Just add a drink and, 2 cups of ice cubes and, mix. When I was shaking this, The drink leaked everywhere even on my clothes."
"As has already been noted, there are not 100 different colors, but 25 colors X 4 sets.  Actually, my set only had 99 pencils, and quite a few of the leads were already broken.  The wood is the cheap kind that is splintery and the lead breaks while sharpening, so by the time you have a usable pencil  you've sharpened through about half of an inch of wood.  The colors are not dark, no matter how hard you press.  The lead seems to be mixed with something that doesn't let the color through.  Save your money and get Crayola or RoseArt or anything else, really.  The only good thing about these is the case - not ideal, but a good place to store my other pencils for easier access than the box they came in."
It was missing pieces (Ernies head) big dissapointment. It was a gift for my son.
"I purchased the Mega Bloks Caterpillar dump truck along with this one and I must say, this item was beyond disappointing. It's extremely cheaply made and quite flimsy. You can't really put a lot of weight on it so beware. The bed of the truck pops up and smacked my son right in the face when he put his hand on the back part of the bed and the edges of the plastic are somewhat thin and sharp."
Do not buy. Does not work as promised. My son is 2 years old and fell off of it twice. Could not stay together.
"This isn't for a KK2 board, it comes with a 10-pin connector on both ends. It won't even fit on the KK2 board."
Nice size pool for little ones. Pool didn't last long though. Seam burst open second day. Pool unusable. Amazon sent new one next day. Great customer service. New one loses air when filled. Not happy having to fill with air constantly.  Water inevitably empties when refilling with air.
The handle on the reel broke off the first time<br />I used this reel. The kite I used was a large kite<br />And the winds were 15-18 mph.<br />I would have hoped the reel would have held up but it didn't. I'm going to have to look elsewhere for a good reel
We purchased this for Christmas and 8 months later it has holes in it and is NOT holding up. Very disappointing
Not worth it. The quality of the bag is awful! You can see they tried to make the bag and messed up and just added another layer on top of the photo.
Dogs hated it. Looks creepy.
"The fur color seems to have a green tint to it. It's pretty subtle, but enough that his nickname is Green Dog."
"Very cheap, don't fit my Cheerson CX-10 as advertised. The protector was fine, the props suck----bad."
These are not 12 inches as described-- they are more like 6.
"Eyebrows are such a personal thing, I don't think there's a &#34;one size fits all&#34; solution. These didn't work for me."
Lasted 5 minutes
"I hate Agricola! I feel that it is hard to learn all of the mechanics, it is a very complicated game with very little pay off. They're entirely too many rounds and the gameplay takes forever. The best part are the cute little meeple  but that does not save the game from being hellaciously boring. I game a lot but refused to play this one it just never ends."
didn't like it
"It took us a while each night to finally get the very small pieces together for what I thought wold be a excellent puzzle for framing. Well, it is missing about 5 pieces from nearly the middle of the puzzle. So, now it is too late to return it and I can not use it, so it has been a waste of time and money spent."
"First of all, if something is labelled that it's for 8 year olds (and up) then 8 year olds should be able to follow the directions and complete the steps on their own. This is NOT the case with this kit. My very capable daughter and her friend needed so much help and supervision (as others have said--anything that the ingredients touch basically are ruined) that it was not fun at all for them. Secondly, the gum that this thing creates is &#34;DISGUSTING.&#34; This is a direct quote from both kids who immediately spit out every flavor they made and ran to wash out their mouths. They threw the whole set away and grabbed some pre-bought gum to get rid of the gross taste of their concoctions. Thankfully we had used throwaway bowls, cups, spoons, etc. and did this outside on the deck because otherwise I'd also be throwing out my dishware!"
"Horrible product. Strings broke within the first five minutes of it being out of the box. Cannot tighten strings and the tuners all broke off as well. Wasn't looking for perfection with this, just something my four year old could play with, but she never even got a chance to."
I did not receive my doll. Only the box.
"One battery was good, one battery was bad. Guess you get what you pay for 😩"
Paint was chipped off on face had to return
"Total piece of junk.  The problem is not building the projects, it is finding the parts.  I would. think they all related parts would be in the same bags. I spent more time trying to find parts than putting the projects together.  I compare lego mindstorm to those grab bag of parts  ads you find in the back of electronic magazines. I guess I was fooled by all the hype, fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me.  I once thought that  using lego windstorm would make a nice robotics competition for school kids not anymore."
Bought this for a gift. How embarrassing. It was a piece of junk. It was on the flooring and picked up the paint off the concrete. It is awful and would encourage other people not to buy it.
I just ordered 100 of these for my daughter's birthday party at a Splash pad. They came in the mail today and they are NOT 6&#34;. It's a stretch to call them 4&#34; even whether inflated or not--they are closer to 3&#34;. They are very tiny and are not what I ordered. I am very disappointed in the dishonest description of these beach balls.
"If this worked for more than 4 days this quad would have a full 5 stars. Since the quality is such that it still flys, but fails to maintain any lift or control, I have to give it one star. I would love to get it replaced, but from the other comments it doesn't look too easy. So, it was fun while it lasted. I was not rough with the little bug at all; but seeing that it's a &#34;beginner&#34; quad, I would have expected it to last at least a week before going bad.<br /><br />BTW mine was white. Didn't mind that but just throwing it out there."
I give this only one star because the description should have clearly stated that you need to own a specific transmitter. Not just any transmitter but one that can bind with the copter. I still plan the buy the transmitter and fly this but feel I was deceived. If you do not own the Spektrum DX6i 6 Channel then this will be a 300 dollar buy for you.
It was a terrible waste of money. Two strings broke within an hour. And they were not over tightened. It is flimsy and has poor tune in the strings that work. I would not recommend this to anyone unless they want to hang it on the wall as a decoration! My daughter was very disappointed.
"This product has not lasted but a couple of months hence the reason for the one star.  It appears to be well made but It now has a leak, which can't be repaired, and the flexible frame is broken, which can't be repaired either.  You can't use this float to lie on your stomach either.  I am disappointed as it was plenty big and floated me well."
"Bought this to send to a little boy in Venezuela that has been dreaming of this toy for a few years now. After he received it found it he loved it so much he was sleeping with it. The parents did not want to tell me for awhile that the toy is broken, it leaks water from all over and does not shoot the water or something that it is suppose to do. I have no way to return this piece of junk to receive a refund so I would not recommend this item. Worst item I have ever gotten from using Amazon."
Difficult to understand directions. Not the game we played with friends.
Not work it
I got the cards. But 2 of the 4 cultivates I ordered were written on in Sharpie. I dont use my deck with protective sleeves so these cards are worthless. Thanks
It does not even work
"Well I bought this for a school diorama project.  The moss was difficult to work with and did not adhere well to the &#34;tree trunks&#34;.  The trunks were not particularly sturdy, and did not provide the scale we needed.  In fact the trees looked more like bushes."
"For 40 bucks I'm not expecting great quality but I would expect, at least, for the case to close properly and for the label to not fall off the forst time you touch it. It looks cool but I feel like i've been had"
Disappointed. Did not work.
Do not waste your money on this piece of crap. Sorry Crayola.
Worked for about 5 throws every time we would catch it would shut off not a good buy
Stopped working after a few uses.
This is a great toy for a child with super short hair.
It's polyester! Guess I didn't read the description well enough.
Wakeful broken piece of garbage
"Please do not waste your money on this item, unless you want a gag gift and can purchase it for no more than $2"
I would give it no stars.  I could not get air into it. Obviously a defect.  I threw it in the garbage.
I purchased this balloon for a Woodland Creature themed Baby shower and was very disappointed when I found out that it had a hole in the seam.  It would not hold the helium and was flat by the end of the shower.  Paid a considerable amount of money for the balloon & helium to fill it and it didn't even last for one day.
Less than a year of light use and they broke beyond repair.
"These are junk. After one pool day, they have lost their shape and the outer cover has started falling apart."
"2nd plane, replaced the first after motor problems, and this one worked great for 1 full flight and same issue again. Attempted repair myself, but to no avail. Maybe I just received 2 bad ones, but will not order this plane again. Will replace with another brand or make."
So cheap
Hade to send it back.
5 minutes after opening the box the hand broke! The arms fall out very easily and it's just not worth the $.  For $2 it would be a cute toy with no complaints but this is overpriced crap!
Buzz bomb. This thing buzzes even when not under load. I do NOT recommend.
Very cheap looking backpack. Definitely not worth the price that you pay. Does not come with a return label. Keep asking for a refund and return label but have not heard back and it's been almost a week. Don't buy this product. Not even worth the one star rate but it's required for the post.
"Bought these for school.  First time I wentto use them, the lids won't snap shut. Too late to return."
needs a cover so letters stay in place…...
While my son loved this product they broke 5 months later. I went to pick them up and the lens fell out. Disappointing...
"Horrible waste of money and big disappointment for my 6-year-old, who was really excited to get it. Darts don't load easily (they don't lock in most of the time) and the motion sensor doesn't work. Way to disappoint a 6-year-old!"
"The description says, &#34;1 each Webkinz Rabbit & Lil Kinz Rabbit Set both with unused codes&#34;. However, I only received 1 Rabbit. The entire reason I purchased this was to get 2!"
The 50 is the size of a toothpick!
"Item was not the one described and did not match the pictures.  I purchased this specific case for the mesh pocket that was supposed to be inside the lid.  Instead, I got a knock off case that did not have the pocket, it was not made by Ingenious, did not have their logo, does not include the 3 year warranty, and did not have the specified number of dividers.  The merchant changes the pictures and can change the description, but luckily, I have screen shots of what was advertised when I purchased this.  This was a gift and I elected to give it to the person instead of returning.  Very disappointed that I did not get the item that was described an it also did not match the pictures.  They did the ol' bait and switch."
its really good
"These are total garbage. They only fill to about the size of a lime, and then nearly all of them leaked all of their water within a minute. Out of the &#34;90&#34; I bought, I got about 10 useable water balloons."
I have one for about 8 year finally burn my garage down 11.1 venom 5000 35c
I ordered five all were bent and no refunds
"The wooden stud proved was too short, and skinny, so it was wobbly once the shelf in place."
These run really small and horrible seams. I get better quality from Walmart.
"received my item and the package the toy came in was open, and the light doesn't work... very very dispointed"
Stoopid😤😬😡😈🙅😾💔💘
MSRP of 35$. Way overpriced
Half of them did not get filled and the others let the water out.. Not worth it.
"This games tries very hard, but it feels repetitious and slow to me. While the designer succeeded in his goal to create a satire game that lasts as long as an RPG session, it turns out to not be a good goal to pursue. A satire that is too long and slow is not fun. All the shortcomings of Munchkin without the zippy play."
"This is the worst game ever!! I fired it directly into the trash about 3 days after receiving it. It did not hold my children's attention for a nanosecond. They showed no interest in playing it. The Peppa Pig character does not spin upright. The game is way to complicated for a 3 year old as the packaging suggests. Basically, you're paying over $22.00 for a Peppa pig spinning top that only spins on it's side for about 4 seconds, because the character's head slows it down when it scrapes against the pod or your floor. The top talks when it spins, but never completes what it is saying, because it must spin to speak. Halfway through Peppa's sentence, she cuts off, because the top stops spinning. Wonderful, rush-to-market, engineering on this game. It felt very good firing this terrible game into the trash, or as they say in the UK, the rubbish bin. I fired it into the trash like a hot cup o' coffee!!"
Disappointing
wrong size
The product is no longer manufactured so if you buy one of these it's most likely quite old.  We bought one and it was not able to take a charge.  Even if they are new in the package I wouldn't buy it.
Works when it feels like it... even when brand new.
Cheep quality - it was a waste of money .
There is a reason they are so cheap. The dad looks like Dracula!  Sister looks like a wild animal!! Her pigtails are made from felt which sticks straight up and they are not even the same color as her hair. So they appear to make her look like she has horns! Don't waste your $1.68!!! I was going to use these for my class... Maybe I'll just use them for Halloween because they are all so disturbing! Not to mention they took forever to get to me!
Very cheap. Broke on first day of use.
It came with no instructions what so ever. Nor can i find any on the net or youtube..i will have to try purchasing 'O' rings to keep the prop snug and centeret on the shaft..maybe that will work..otherwise it goes back..
"Absolutely awful! First of all, some parts were actually &#34;unfinished&#34;, no thread in one of the bolt!  The draw was broken off, and one of the leg is about a quarter inch shorter!"
"This is a TERRIBLE face paint.The first layer I applied was really light, and so I tried to apply another, but the first layer wiped off. It was SUPER frustrating!!!! WOULD NOT RECCOMEND"
Broke with first use
This quadcopter stopped working after two flights.
I got these for my daughter 1st bday party very disappointed with them they did not fill all the way and they leaked from where the rubber band was
"I was sooo looking forward to having a little aquarium of sea monkey pets.  Only a few hatched, and they quickly died."
I bought this for my grandson's 3rd birthday who live 1000 miles away from me.  I ordered it thinking it was bigger.  I  did not see any comments about the size of it and there were not any dimensions mentioned on it's description.  I was disappointed to say the least when my his mother told me how tiny it was (about the size of a hot wheel car) and also it broke the first day.  Very upset with this purchase!!
Wish there was a handle at the back
It is Only 72 pcs not it said 80 pcs.
DO NOT BUY!!! does not shock/buzz
"Outer part must have gotten a hole after one use, already does not hold air. Bought in advance as a birthday present and it was already past the one month you have to return it. Wanted to exchange for another one, but definitely won't pay for another. Have no choice but to not trust this product to last."
They broke the first time my grandkids used them.
"Agree with other posters, this is by far the worst toy I have ever bought. It does not stay together and if when it does, it is not an entertaining toy. We kept the truck and chunked the rest."
Some blocks missing
"works really well... for about 8 minutes. seriously, you have to refill the bubble solution every 8 minutes, I timed it. Other than that its awesome, but annoyingly short lived!"
Chinese garbage not even worth a buck.
"Wow. All I have to say is wow. It's very disturbing to get the &#34;200&#34; used but &#34;clean&#34; legos. I ordered it for my son. It arrived, was sealed in a sandwich bag, counted 149 pieces total. About 25 bricks were big, the rest tiny pieces to fit one lego on top of another. About 15 of the larger sizes were either chewed, cut or destroyed. Almost every piece had some sort of gunk, gum or dried mud on it. Very disappointed in this. And I work for company who rents out legos monthly, at least we remove gunk and stuff off, give the pieces a good sanitized washing, and dried before being shipped out to the next customer."
"This product is terrible, I returned it the next day. The battery life is terrible, but what I hate the most is that it always pull to one side when Im trying to hover it. Maybe I had a defective unit, but Im done."
Both of the knives were received broken.
Terrible quality. Many pieces of the puzzle arrived stuck together; all attempts to separate the pieces caused the pieces to rip. Unusable.
Very cheap. Broke after being used one time.
Much to our daughters disappointment this item is being returned :(. It arrived on her birthday and kept cutting out and the necklace was missing the clasp :/
Too small
Broke in 2 days.  Very cheap and poorly designed.
"This item broke immediately upon using it, and had hardly any power."
head broke off within a month when it was drop by grandson
These were the worst parting gift in the bag. The lenses came right out when the little girls put them on. Most went straight into the trash. Would not recommend this party favor.
"This is a poorly designed product.  When it falls over, it falls apart.  It is somewhat difficult to put together.  The cardboard pieces have small holes to connect them to the plastic parts.  When it falls over, the cardboard, of course, comes off and the holes get too big to stay connected.  I would not recommend purchasing this product."
The racks are too shallow to hold the tiles.
See the picture where the woman is laying in the float barely getting wet?  Not likely.  I was underwater from my waist to my knees.  Not what I was looking for.  Very disappointed.
"When I finally received it, it didn'twork."
This was a waste of money. The flashlight switch broke the same day.
Cons-Motors fry too quickly within a few hours  body cracks like egg shells flying this after flying the Sym. For at hird or the price doesn't make me very happy with my decision.
The dress is chesp.  Seams fell apart<br /> (frayed) within one day.  Sewed badly.
"Motors did not ignite after proper insertion of igniter. Igniters barely lit, not enough to set off rocket"
"We saw a clever idea on Facebook about using these for a night swim in the pool. The grandkids were all pumped up about getting to stay up late and swim in the dark with 100 GLOW STICKS! What fun that would be! Memories to be treasured forever!<br /><br />The link went straight to this item, so I bought it without even thinking, or reading. They arrived fast, and I was so excited to open the package, but was perplexed at how small it was. Then I saw that these glow sticks are only 2 INCHES LONG. There was no way I was going to put 100 teensy weensy little skimmer pluggers in my pool, and they wouldn't have lit it up enough to make a difference anyway. Very disappointed.<br /><br />I'm sure these little glow sticks can serve some fun purpose, but I can't think of what it would be."
Too slow
Dont buy. This is a piece of garbage. 20 feet is a great big height for this junk rocket. Flimsy construction. Worst item by far that I have purchased thru Amazon. Anyone who thinks this is good has low standards. At least the price is cheap.
"Baloons: awesome! Filler uppergadget: could not get more than 3 drop in a baloon. I was not smart enough to have a backup filling apparatus, so we had no water baloon fun at the birthday party. I do not recommend this gadget..."
"This is more a review on the vendor.<br />I was sold a product without a box and replacement string.<br /><br />However, the kendama looks beautiful and handles well.<br /><br />I wouldve liked the box and replacement bead."
"This product is not what is in the pic; it's got Chinese writing on the front.  The quality of this product is terrible!  I have bought over 10 puzzles from amazon, and I am sorely disappointed in this."
"These may look really cool, but they are the worst water balloons that I have bought. Only half, if that, actually filled up with water. Others either did not fill up at all or had holes in the balloons. They fall off the sticks once they are full, but some didn't even come off. Never buying these again!"
"Has nothing to do with programming.  &#34;If there is a monkey on a rock, move ahead 5.&#34;  That is it.  That is the game.  It is just a worse version of sorry."
"Purchased based on good reviews. But As soon as I pulled it out of the box, I noticed the broom sheds TONS of fibers everywhere! Very disappointed."
Overpriced is an understatement. Rip-off is more like it. Who would pay $60.00 for a 1:64 scale Hot Wheel?  The over-sized box is very misleading. I thought it contained a 1:18 scale vehicle and the miniature was free! Funny how scale was not mentioned in description.
"They are made of very thin plastic and don't jump like other thicker plastic frogs I purchased.  They just kind of mush down.  They are colorful and I will use them for decoration, but I would be embarrassed to give them to kids."
"flop, not awesome. first, it can only operate when both drums are in, so if you lose the other clip, its useless, second, it jammed within 5 seconds of use, third, it uses 6 D batteries. It feels like half of the batteries are actually being used while the other half are just there for decoration. this is a big ripoff. for $130, this is not at all worth the money you spend. its fun for five seconds but gets old. the only thing unique is that it has a large dart capacity and it is a anti-aircraft gun. If you want to have a gatling nerf gun and spend a lot of money, buy the vulcan. The vulcan is better  and is just as fun to use. the difference is quality and price. do not buy."
I bought this toy for my daughter - the first one we got seemed to be jammed as it only went backwards and forwards so we returned ...unfortunately our second one doesn't even turn on!! She is so very disappointed - the cat works well but she is really upset that the puppy isn't working at all
Completely damaged package
"Seriously.  WTF?<br />The opening where you put water in this monsterous thing is sealed, so it actually won't hold any water.  Plus we didn't get that funnel that it looks like everyone else did.<br />What child in China made our doll?  Clearly they need some extra training in their child-slave factories over there."
thought would be more then one  not worth the $$
Our 4 year old loves this.  He actually likes putting his cars away now! But it didn't last more than a week. Wouldn't buy it again.
"I could NOT be more disappointed with this game.  I got it out of nostalgia and to play it with our kids.  We were so excited to get it, but the disappointment rained off us in many ways.  Let me elucidate...<br /><br />1.  It is NOT the game you grew up with back in the 70s and 80s.  Not remotely.<br />2.  You no longer remove his spleen, kidney, ribs, heart, etc.  Now, you remove ridiculous items like a toilet, cell phone, bunch of grapes, a bird, and other such objects -- because, sure, that's what you'd go in for surgery....right?<br />3.  The holes for the pieces are so large, there's barely a challenge to get them out -- like in the old days.  Some pieces are rubbery and green, so as long as you can get a good grip on the smooshiness of it, you'll get the piece out.<br />4.  There's nothing more to the game than get the pieces out and you win.  No points, no cards (I remember cards with the original game direction you as to what pieces to remove) and the game was over in about 10 minutes with the three of us playing.<br />5.  No battery was included and you need a tiny screwdriver to remove the backing.  Come on...really?  You couldn't add a battery in the box when there's a big ad for Duracell right there?<br />6.  The plastic is flimsy and cheap.  Not sturdy like the one I had when I was a kid.<br /><br />Overall...just a total fail.  This game was made to dumb down an otherwise fun experience.  Do yourself a favor...bypass this and find a classic game on an online site."
Not a recommended as it doesn't last long. Mine have a damage in the corners and don't have any warranty. Useless piece now..
No hair with figure
"I found this spear to be utter garbage. I should have just taken my $10 and set it on fire. I no longer have the box, so it would be a hassle to package it up and send it back. First, the tip of the spear was bent because of how it was packaged. Second, there is a big split in the bamboo all down the side. Luckily I planned on hanging it on a wall so it can't be seen. Third, the piece of bamboo has a pretty significant curve in it. I understand that is the nature of natural bamboo, but you'd think for an item you're selling for $10 online you'd at least use straight pieces. Fourth, the &#34;feathers&#34; on the spear are a complete joke. I could find more substantial feathers in a down pillow. So thanks for sending me a piece of junk."
poor quality
Too small
My son used the sling shot 3 times and strap broke that rests on your arm. I never even tried it.
"Was not 24x36 like it said online. Turned out to be 22x34. Even though I did have a frame for it, I was still disappointed  with the order"
Broke after a few uses; just stopped responding.
Very low quality. No lid so not possible to carry it after you open the package.
Very difficult as the illustrations are not very clear. I am not a kid but had to step in to help my 9 year old as he was sooo frustrated. Well guess what.......I've been working on it all weekend and still can't get it together. It's for 12+ years and I'm 4 times that. Very sturdy but VERY POORLY ILLUSTRATED!!!!!! Stick to LEGOS!!
"Now this is a fantastic game, but warning this is not a &#34;Deluxe&#34; Edition. It does not come with anything extra than the actual base game. You are being charged far more than necessary I suggest buying the proper base game here.<br />http://www.amazon.com/Upper-Deck-Legendary-Marvel-Building/dp/B00A4KHEK0"
Did not meet description. Would not purchase again
"I bought this for my daughter's 6th grade vocabulary curriculum for homeschool.  She only did a few lessons, but complained at every single one and could not complete them independently.  This was very frustrating for her & deflated her self esteem.  It expects the student to come up with definition differences between things like &#34;intersect&#34; vs &#34;intersection&#34; without using a verb vs noun type of definition.  For example...  &#34;Immobile&#34; vs &#34;Immobility&#34; vs &#34;immovable&#34;- which definition goes with which word?  1- &#34;motionless, unable to move&#34; 2- &#34;unable to move or be moved, fixed&#34; 3- &#34;relating to the quality of not being able to move&#34;.  The student is expected to know the correct answer by being given the root &#34;mob, mot, mote, mov = Move&#34;, prefix &#34;im- = in, into, not&#34;, & suffixes &#34;-able = able to be&#34;, &#34;-ile = like, of, relating to&#34;, &#34;-ility = state, quality, act&#34;.  Perhaps some of you vocabulary buffs can manage this curriculum, but it didn't work for me & my family :-("
"Do not buy this product.  Only 2 of the 8 pens worked.  The rest were dried out, and the stencils were flimsy--like the plastic equivalent of tissue paper."
No fake smoke came out of any of them. Returned whole package
"I purchased this heli from Amazon in July 2015.  During the 2nd flight the motor stopped for an unknown reason and the helicopter crashed. I repaired it, but on the 3rd flight the motor stopped again and I had a hard landing.  I tested it and discovered the Talon 90 ESC had stopped working.  I replaced it with a CC Edge HV 80 amp ESC and CC BEC Pro.  Heli flew good 3 times, but on the 4th flight the motor shut off again and I was forced to auto rotate with hard landing that broke the landing skids.  I inspected it after the hard landing, the radio receiver lights were on solid, the Gpro FBL unit had a solid green light, the ESC, BEC and battery were cool to the touch.  The motor felt pretty hot, but didn't burn my fingers to touch it (sorry no temp gauge).  I tested it again and everything works.  I checked data on the ESC and the Amps are spiking pretty high at times.  The max for the final flight was 140.9 Amps with average 54.6.  I'm into this heli over $1500 and can't trust the motor to keep running.  I think I might have a bad motor, but don't want spend $180 on a new motor.  I don't know what to do."
"Horrible game. No fun even with my family who can have fun playing  just about any game.  This is just terrible, waste of money."
"DO NOT BUY!!!!! When i first got my package i was excited but when flying, not so excited. My drone was killing itself by crashing into the ground."
These were cheap looking and the Barney was SO sun faded.
"wanted green and got purple, crappy,"
"You needed special pencils, maybe include one in the future."
Ordered guitars for a birthday party. After trying to blow them up noticed that two of them had holes in them. I couldn't even patch the holes since they were multiple on each guitar. Very disappointed.
"Horribly sewn. Princess Daisy has no chin!  They've her chin to her chest. She looks so weird. Obviously it was faulty. A product that was not inspected before shipping out. Plus it took 4 weeks to arrive. All round disappointing. My daughter has princess peach and princess Rosalina and they are perfect. But sadly, princess Daisy has a horribly disfigured face."
"The order page had an option to either buy 1 at $9.30 or 12 at $12.99. Word of advice, order the cheap one."
Broke the same day it arrived.
"Not happy at all, poor quality, dye came off on everything it touched!!"
useless
DO NOT BUY!! They leak and out of 110 balloons I had 7 useable balloons! But the bunch a balloons brand!
"This product was totally useless =/ We ordered 400 tattoos for a school event we had yesterday. We had lines of kids excited for tattoos. These tattoos were a huge hit by most of the older grade girls. Sadly, not one....and I really mean not even one worked! No matter how wet we got it, no matter what method we did, they did not come off at all onto the skin. Talk about a major delay and disaster!"
The concept is neat but the fish tank leaks so bad I have to refill it once a day and keep a folded towel under it.
"This was my second set and first was fine, this one has one dim light ."
They are a large oddly shaped pencil like they make for toddlers.  This makes it difficult for an adult to use.  The lead seems like a film is over it and they will not color very brightly unless you push extrememly hard on the pencil and go over the picture multiple times. I do not recommend this product and will not purchase again.
"I just got this in the mail, and I am shocked. I went back and looked at the reviews, and none of them were recent. My bad. This came in a small white box. In other words, it is not a boxed gift. The box was white and had no label whatsoever. So if you are giving it as a gift, it looks like you assembled it and stuck it in a box. It LITERALLY looks like something you would get at the dollar store. The plastic is very VERY thin. The bug box is extremely small. If a two month old holds the net, they could snap it with one finger. All of the items are very small. Typically, bug &#34;houses&#34; are at least 10 inches across. This is really really small. I have no idea how they could ever possibly get away with charging $30 for this, let alone the $10.99 I paid. I rarely get things from Amazon that I sent back, unless they don't fit, and this is absolutely getting sent back. I may pay $3 for this at Five Below, as a throw away gift, but this is absolute junk. I am guessing the other reviews were for a different version of this product. There is no way anyone could find this product satisfying."
Very disappointed in this product it worked two or three times maybe did have it even 12 hrs and  it won't work at all!! It very cute and my son loved all the bubbles it made when it worked.
Smelled terrible!! Had some kind of oily residue all over the outside.
JUNK! Buyers beware! Doesn't even come in a box - came in a ziplock bag with NO instructions. Complete junk.
"Unit looks good and seems sturdy.  But the battery is crap and only powers the drone for 10 seconds then it dies.  I checked the batter with a multi meter and it has a negligible voltage rating after an all day charge.  I'm very unhappy to have a $150 paperweight.  I got a replacement sent to me, and it was broken in the box before I even opened it.  I hope I can get a refund.  I wouldn't buy another one ever...  Sent back 8/31/15 1zw934v99083227064 ups tag"
"Do not buy dose not keep drinks chilled! The under side of the cooler is in direct contact with the water, so if the water is warm it melts all the ice. Also the lid dose not stay closed very well I recommend a zipper instead of the Velcro patch! Very disappointed!"
"Inexpensive, and not good quality. They are very flimsy. There are 3 cover designs, but they all have the same pictures inside, and they are not very cute or nice pictures."
"Love the idea but daddy is set to wake up after every 3 pushes and then every 6 pushes, so no one ever wins the game!  We played 3 players for 35 mins and never made it past the first quarter of the board!"
"Seriously, in girls toys??????? Knock it off!"
"Ive had for over a year, still cant get the folds out.<br /><br />Buy the chessex mat"
It came with damages. :( Very dissapointed
none of the pets worked
Did not get all the parts to the costume.
It spills like crazy and the kids don't play with it.  I followed instructions and all my bubbles are gone. It left a mess everywhere too.
The Super Soaker brand has always indicated a pump up pressurized squirt gun with a trigger.<br /><br />This squirt gun is not that.  It is totally lame.
I returned this item because it didn't work. I am waiting for my credit.
My grandson did not like it and told me to send it back
Difficult to install on bike.
This product is cheaply made and extremely small. For an American child no more than 3 yrs
I buy a lot of these self tie water ballons from various Amazon stores depending on availablity & price since my son is obsessed with water balloons & I am way too lazy to tie them everyday. These are by far the worst I have bought. After filling them every water ballon was losing water & shrinking within 5 seconds. I even tried pushing the band up higher on the balloon to see if that helped & it bought me a couple more minutes to tie them all before the water leaked out of all of them. Kind of defeats the purpose right?
For small children only...disappointed in size of disk
My son tried to put the doll house together but the pieces did not fit properly. Overall the quality was very poor.
"Didn't fit well, thin fabric, you can see through it!"
Don't buy you'll regret it later when you have a life.
"My son received this as a birthday present and after struggling to put it together it doesn't work! We can't figure out how to get it to charge, any suggestions would be great"
Stopped working after a week.
Won't hold air
The hinge on this got stuck and broke 2 days after we got it.
This stuff didn't work at all...
Don't buy you'll regret it when you get a life/
"I purchased the WowWee X Robot Kit because my grandson wanted to build a robot. The description says KIT,  It is not a kit, its a toy robot. I am very disappointed, and now do not have a gift for his birthday."
"Update: these have really faded fast. They are now greenish orange.<br /><br />I really like the way these look. From just a few feet away, they look like real band aids. My only problem is that the magnets are not strong. They really need to be on a completely flat surface and they have to be in the back of the car.<br /><br />I bought these for my son to put on my van to lessen the blow for my husband when he finally saw the damage. It worked! He laughed and wasn't so mad. However, the bandaid on the front fender, where my mom backed into the van (it's been a rough month for my poor vehicle) came right off when I hit 45 miles per hour. ):  I still look for it when I pass that spot."
The figure for the poker chip set was deceptive.  I use the poker chips with children helping them learn math.  I needed 25 in each color; instead I got 20 in five colors.
"I ordered this twice, sent back twice because the screw on sprinkler head was not included BOTH TIMES and listing says that the screw on head comes with it."
They said that the dimension of the box are 14.1 x 7.9 x 3.5 inches. But the dimension of the box I received are 7.5 x 7.5 x 3.5 inches and that's quarter of what mentioned. so the Quadcopter is really tiny and not as described!
Don't waste your money ....
"I received a deck of cards in an unusable case. There were no props, the plastic card case can't latch closed, and my nieces did not find it fun. I would not recommend this for any child above the age of six."
"I have bought several figures from DC Collectibles (The Arrow/Flash collection) and they are of excellent quality; unfortunately, this toy in person is not like the picture presented here. I was extremely excited for this action figure but when I got it, I realized the paint looked really cheap and the material seems rather cheap and to top it off, it came with two left hands. The only plus is the mini action figure but alone, it wouldn´t be worth more than a few cents."
"I ordered this, along with a couple others, for my dog. He loves the plush toys he can grab and sink his teeth into. The toy looks like it is well constructed but they sent the wrong size. The 8 inch birds are the perfect size for my dog.  The one they sent was 5 inches and had an 8 inch sticker on the package."
No miniatures in the set I bought.
Not good.
Missing some parts needed for construction
These things are 1.99 in party city !
I didn't think these were non removable. They are use once!
Was not nearly as strong as advertised.  I have older  magnifying glasses  of the advertised strength and they are significantly stronger.
"This product is awful!  It arrived scratched and then when our 2 year old was playing with it outside, the red paint melted and bled all over his skin.  It wouldn't come off for two days.  The shield is now sticky and gross."
The wig was too large for my head. Very cheap looking. Nothing near the quality shown in the image.
Horrible product. It stinks and crumbles. There was no way my kids could make anything with this. I ended up finding a gluten free recipe online that was much cheaper and way better.
Not good enough😒😴
"The batteries in the spy phone are rusted when I got the game, and the spy phone is ruined. Disappointed:("
"Was nasty, & looked nothing like the picture."
I ordered the smaller mystery mates to fit in the mystery machine. They sent the larger ones. Good quality but does not fit the van at all
"lock does not work, had to break open.<br />Very unhappy and disappointed kid!"
This item is not ty as advertised. It is a cheap knock-off. I'm not sure why Amazon allows this type of false advertising. I am extremely disappointed.
it does not erase. The airbrush doesn't work. It was a big wast of money.
"If I could give zero stars, I would. Paid over $55 for this battery and it doesn't even work! I didn't realize I couldn't return it when I bought it. Buy at your own risk!!"
"Parents, do not buy this terrible toy. It contains unsecured button batteries, which are easy to get to, without standard safety measures such as a screw-tight cover. Button batteries, when/if ingested (and with toddlers it's only a matter of time) are life threatening to children, causing severe burns and often perforation to the esophagus and airway. I was appalled by this toy from the moment I opened the box. This is a lawsuit waiting to happen.  Do not buy!"
its not good. waste my money.
"I have purchased several of these toys for my two Rottweilers, this one is terrible. It lasted about 2 seconds because it is two pieces. It detaches at the neck at the red bow tie. Both dogs had the head off in less than 1 min. The other ones that are one piece last a lot longer. My dogs love them. It is a great toy for exercise, they are exhausted after playing with them. I would highly recommend any of the one piece rubber chickens."
weighed packs
Each package was to include 24 eye patches. I was very upset to find that one package contained 12 patches while the other contained 14. Not really sure what happened during packaging.
"The slide broke while my husband was putting it together. Very poorly made, they say you get what you pay for but in my opinion the parts are so flimsy this shouldn't even cost $20."
These broke almost immediately upon opening and using. Definitely get what you paid for (in a bad way).
"I would have given this 0 stars,  but 1 was the minimum.  My 6 year old wanted to order this with money she got for her birthday.  We ordered it August 19, 2015 and it arrived August 22, 2015. She was so excited when it got here....until we opened it and it EXPIRED JUNE 2008!!!!!  SEVEN YEARS AGO!!!!"
THIS  IS  NOT  AHSOKA  TANO'S  LIGHTSABER! IT IS QUI GON GIN'S!
This item was described as a Beanie Buddy - which is a larger size than the regular Beanie Babies.  Even the dimensions given were suppose to indicate the Buddy size.  But NO - item received was the smaller Beanie Baby.  So disappointed.
"Are you kidding me?!?! You sent me 150 mountain cards and 150 forest cards?!? &#34;Great mix...&#34; Sure... If you want 32 cars you can actually use, but this. Otherwise this is total bs.. I would give this a 1/4 of a star"
"I was anxiously awaiting the arrival of these.  My 10 mo baby loves to play with the magnets on the frig so I ordered a magnet board and these magnets that I thought would be fun for us to play with together.  Well, forget that.  These magnets are too thin for little hands to be able to pick up.  He has no trouble picking up the refrigerator magnets . They are probably ok for a 3 or 4 yr old child, but not for a baby.  So when it says fun for your baby --- they aren't.  They are cheap enough that it probably won't pay to return them, so this will be a donation somewhere, since I won't hold on to them for the next three years.  The sizes are fine, its just that they are soooooo thin."
Most figures came completely broken. Package looked like it had been opened and taped back up. Will not be buying this one again.
It said cloth paper dolls....I received one!
Unfortunately the product's usage description said not to be used on teeth and I bought with this purpose.
Not happy with these replacement blades at all. Actually damaged my copter trying to install a new set of blades and it hasn't flown since. Lesson learned.  :-(
I didn't pay much for this so I guess you can't expect much. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.
"Would give a 0 if possible. I was excited for the colors, there aren't many yellow dry erase markers on the market. Also the price was reasonable, and they are Crayola and washable. So i was excited. I tried the red as soon as I got these and it left horrible streaks all over the board. When I tried to erase, it left a cloudy red mess and even picked up previously erased items from the board."
its a factory made item and was and is the real  deal all is good
Dislike
"My daughter is 2ft 10in and 31 lbs and the size 1-2 was very short and tight, I am not even going to hassle with sending it back, I'll post it on a local yardsale site, all in all I was very disappointed and it was crappy material as well."
This is absolutely not a cast metal toy. It's a cheap plastic toy. Not worth the price and didn't function upon arrival.
Description says 12 packages of 4 crayons and yet I have only received 1 box with 4 crayons in it a$5.25<br /> and shipping is a joke for 4 crayons. Hopefully this is a mistake and can be fixed as we were planning on these for my sons birthday goody bags.
About 3 of the guys were missing limbs and they disconnected from their shoots easily. I bought theses ones because they were of normal coloring as apposed to the bright colored military men. I also wrote to the seller telling them of the poor quality with no response back. Totally not worth it!
Poor & flimsy quality. The pieces were actually loose and moving.  My son actually lost it or I'd have returned it.
"Cheap plastic junk. We have experience with a lot of kids robot kits. I think this may have been a cheap knockoff. In any case, a waste of money. Plus, it took forever to arrive."
Horrible quality sleeves. Do not sleeve your magic cards in these they do not fit. Buy KMC instead.
"I'm very disappointed in the condition I received this product in. The placeholder card, used for sorting cards in the box, was folded with a huge crease across it and peeling apart/frayed on the edges. You never would have seen something in that condition at an actual game store. I'll be seeking a replacement or refund. The product itself is part of the Sentinels of the Multiverse game series, which, of course, is brilliant. Last time I played with Miss Information (using a friend's set), she was a VERY difficult villain, but fun to play nonetheless."
way to small
"This is probabaly my first product review, I usually don't bother. But this product is so bad that I think people should know and not purchase it. The fairy does not fly properly and is dangerous. When it is completely charged and button pressed the doll jumps out of the charger, sideways and very quickly, then bangs into wall or first thing it encounters.  The fairy does not hover.  She is also made out of very thin, cheap, and breakable plastic. I read many reviews after purchasing that said similar things. Do not buy. Your daughter will be very dissapointed."
"We just recently received our Intex Dinosaur Inflatable Play pool and have used it a total of two times with 2 small children and two babies yet it has already broken. The total I paid was $60 and for that amount I expect to have something last longer than two short play hours. I would like a full refund. I will gladly send this pool back but I am very disappointed. My children willbe very upset as this was a special gift to them. Please let me know if you can improve this structure or if there are any helpful options your company provide. We love the pool and really want to be able to use it but it is so cheaply made, for $60 I expected much better quality."
"This is cute, could be taller for better play ability!"
Stopped working 2nd day it was used and suction cup stayed on the wall when the remainder of the unit fell off the wall on day 3.  Very disappointed 4yr old.  This is not the first time an Alex toy has failed on us. Such a she
"Nothing like the picture at all! Not fluffy, scratchy, STICKY and has odd things in the fur. Should have read the reviews! It looks like a mutant offspring of a ferret and a chinchilla. My little girl flipped out, cried and threw it at the litter box. Only thanks to my reflexes did it not end up a litter cat. Wow. Waste of money. I hope the seller makes this right."
"First off I want to say that I know that the manufacturer of these motors is top notch. This seller though is crap. The motors came in past when they were supposed to and when I had a chance to put them in, they lack power and stability. I am corresponding with the gentleman who makes them in hopes that he can help me. If you are wanting these motors, go to his website or Google Micro Motor Warehouse. They are cheaper on his site as well. I really hope that this seller decides to contact me to try and make this right..."
The package was damaged.
"Received today, found out those balls don't have enough air inside....once you try to push a little bit, lots of balls won't even back to original shape especially the Orange/yellow color. ( I got &#34; Non-Toxic 100 &#34;Phthalate Free&#34; Crush Proof 6.5cm Quality Non-Recycled&#34; before, was thinking change different colors for my son so I had to get this one instead. I thought everything was same just the color looks a little bit clear but I'm totally wrong ) The old one I got quality is much better and more air inside the balls. Red one was from last time......"
Not worth $40.
Popped before I could even use them. I think they had small pin holes in the package. Not at all impressed because we bought these to use at a wedding reception and had to replace them last minute. Wish I could get my money back!
Was broken when recieved
Plastic junk. My daughter couldn't play with this without if falling apart. She was so sad and I'm very disappointed.
"The zipper broke within a week.<br /><br />The pocket to hold stuff isn't any bigger than a coin purse.<br /><br />You can't even put a diaper or a phone in it, it's not big enough."
Not what I was expecting
"Extremely difficult to communicate with it. Use the latest Android 5.0 & 4.4, but the respond via 4 different wireless routers from Linksys, Netgear, D-link & ASUS were all the same. It is NOT a reliable product. Major improvements needed as this product feels like it is beta product."
This drone stopped working after the 4th us.
Nothing like its pictured
Buyer beware. The charging apparatus for this was mismatched so the drone was not functional.  Sent pictures of the mismatch not once but twice at their request and then no response. Poor product quality control.
Not at all what was expected. Very cheaply made. Red and white felt. I kept only because shipping took so long and Christmas was here. Very disappointing.
Both water guns broke during first use
Very cheaply made and came apart easily. Not what I was expecting.
Came with one of the ears broken off but might be fixed with saudering iron
Missing the ball. Returned
"I usuallly don't write reviews, finding most things I buy acceptable if not great.  This is very flimsy. I had to use waterproof tape and glue to get it to stay together.  The flotation balls keep falling off.  More of a hassle than fun."
Bought this thing for Dr. Who fanatic hubby. It's kind of junk. Not worth the money.
Good for maybe 2 days then they're dried out and worthless. Completely disappointed and so was my son.
"I tried to use this sunshade with my Insipre 1 and iPad, but it was useless.  I messed around with the fit, but it was flimsy and wouldn't hold the position I velcroed it in.  In the end I just gave up on it.  If I wasn't so lazy I would return it.  Parrot makes a nice sun shade, but they don't sell it separately."
"This product arrived with one dead port. That's not a good start, but for the price and free shipping and all I thought, &#34;okay, I can live with only charging 4 batteries at a time.&#34; That was all well and good until about a week ago when a second port went dead. So now I'm getting pretty frustrated, but I still love flying my Hubsan x4 way too much to ditch all efforts. Until today when the other three went out at once.<br /><br />Had the last three not died, it may have been a 2 or even 3 star review, but to have a product go from ok to totally dead in 2-1/2 weeks is pretty awful.<br /><br />It should also be noted that not one of them worked flawlessly. They all have to be heavily finagled into charging."
Never got to use this for my wedding.  When blowing it up the V ripped a little so we tried taping it and then the E letter ripped a lot. So we never used it.
"This toy is very poor, there are serious quality problems, just received is broken, has been off wood dandruff and can not be cleaned， harmful child health"
Complete crap. Fell apart within 2-3 days of moderate use. I guess you could think of it as a really complex puzzle now with about 20-30 smaller pieces. The version with stickers is still going strong one month later.
Disappointed. Too complicated
"Basically the cheapest most miserable switches you could use. The plastic base melts before you can solder a wire to the lugs. The switch casing will rip right from the base when you try to install it.<br /><br />Miserable, cheap, worse than useless. Do yourself a favor and get something else."
The shirt has red smudges and in the front it also came ripped
Poor quality product.
"Didn't get what was described, only one ball and holland the xylophone doesn't pull out. Plus package was damaged... Very disappointed."
"The image quality of the ghostbusters logo sucks, and they are much smaller than the pictured, I was disappointed. I am usually happy with the products I buy on Amazon, but this and the other stuff not related to this post kinda sucked."
The beanie i got was not the one from the picture advertised. There was no cuff in the beanie and that was the biggest reason for me ordering it.
"This is a very poor RC car. After a few rounds of playtime, the back wheels become lose. Added to this problem, when I try to unscrew the screw to get the battery back into the RC car after I bring the battery out, the screw is jamed and prevented me from opening the battery cartiage altogether. This is simply a very bad product, I would not recommend you buying it."
The figures Toy aren't toys at all.
Nightmare to do. Spent days at the puzzle and finally gave up in frustration. Will need a real expert to finish this and with nothing else to do in his / her life.
"This would really be a great toy if it was actually made of real wood. The plywood base has a very strong odor and I am very frustrated that Hape misrepresented the materials that make up the components of this toy. As far as I am concerned, plywood is not real wood. There is also no mention of whether or not this plywood contains added formaldehyde and since it smells and was made in China I am returning this puzzle and am very disappointed with Hape."
Disappointed
I was disappointed with this item.  The mixes for it were outdated by a year and did not work like it should have.
"China can keep this, charged 3x times overcharged every time, now says connection break and won't do anything on multiple batteries. Research it online."
"I was not happy with the product, it is a bootleg version. The paint is poorly applied, blemishes and nicks in the product. There was no box provided, it was just poorly wrapped and packaged. I do not recommend. It even looks worse when displayed next to quality original anime statues or figures."
"Can I rate it 0 stars?  Made in China with their typical quality.  We developed a leak at the end almost at once.  Our package was missing the proper connector for a garden hose, as well as the advertised repair patch!  We had to set up a sprinkler to even use it...  : ("
All it is is a picture with a bag stapled in the middle! When we put the candy in there it ripped!!!! Complete waste of money and time! Thank God we went down the street and got a non themed one
"So small & not very full of stuffing, will have to buy additional gift to even fill a small gift bag, would have never ordered."
"It's crap , doesn't cover all of your scalp"
"I bought this for my daughter for her 9th bday.... her request. We had it blown up the size of a basketball and in less than 24 hours (and minimal time played with), it had a hole in it. We didn't blow this ball up to its full potential in the fear this might happen. Of course we can't use it now. So I'm pretty bummed that I wasted my money and my daughter is out a bday present that she was so excited to get."
They fell apart and would not stay tightened.
"Very good equipment, in my absolutely non-expert opinion. However - If I had a second chance, I would know to buy double convex stones. I think they're better. I guess it's a matter of taste. I think this is a good buy.  Update, Feb. 2016: Whoa, there!! I paid just over $109 for this set. Looks like the price has changed a LOT."
"Spray pumps were hard to use. Colors not that vibrant (pink especially was very dull) and disappeared quickly. The foam stained my driveway!! (The colors disappeared, but the residue remains, even after several heavy rainstorms). Will not buy again."
"Am I the only one who thinks this is a piece of junk? The cars NEVER make it down without needing help. They are too wide to make the turns without getting stuck. The flappers that change the route always get stuck halfway too, so I need to push the flaps to one side to get the cars through. My husband and I actually make bets as to how many times the cars will get stuck going down!  Hot wheels go down much better, seems like a big design flaw to have the included cars not be the right width."
"They destroyed this sweet (ha, see what I did there) game -- why do the princess and the fairy now look sexy?  Where are the nice, non-sexualized images from the old board?  Please bring it back.  I'm returning mine and hunting for a classic on ebay."
piece of crap.....totally  disappointed
Description is very misleading. Not a 12&#34; beach ball.
"If you are used to Halloween props, then you know &#34;you get what you pay for&#34;.  I did not purchase through here, but I bought this just out of curiosity.<br /><br />The Bad News: Its basically a flimsy one sides plastic piece(s). You tack it a tree and hope there is no wind.  Light will easily shine through it.<br /><br />The Good News: the art work is actually pretty cool.  I plan to get a metal rod for support, then fill the arms using a can of spray foam.  This should add some volume and make it less flimsy.<br /><br />If you don't mind doing a little extra work to make it a decent prop, this item is okay.  If you are looking for a no work add on to your yard, look elsewhere."
broke first time flying
"Very cheap quality, we returned outs and had to pay for the shipping, looks very different from the picture, cheap individual packing"
Pkg did not include what was described in detailed list. Only had plastic balls. No mesh play yard included!
Purchase these for my son. We read the directions and also watched the video and the bubble will pop before it is released or once it's released it will pop once it touches the glove. Do not waste your money
bud quality and never received my refund.
The product is advertised as Pokemon - Keldeo-EX (142/149) - BW - Boundaries Crossed - Holo... yet after waiting for the mail I received the 49/149 BW Holo version which is not full art and not worth the price I paid for...
"Cheap, flimsy spiders. So thin they don't hold a shape."
did not work
Doesn't drive far..
"DO NOT BUY!  Terrible product.  A dingy, burgundy/purple color with horrendous red stitching on 100% POLYESTER.  Awful.  Terrible.  Enough to make me stop shopping Amazon.  Loses its convenience when the product arriving is such junk.  No one in their right mind would buy these from a store."
"If you buy this product, please be careful! We were given this gift as a birthday present for my one year old. We opened the raft, fully inflated it- and were excited because it is a super cute raft. My little guy is a solid baby at one- about 25 pounds. But while we were in our pool, he reached forward for the Octopus at the front and the raft tipped forward- dunking him underwater face down. If my  husband and I had not been watching him closely- this could have ended differently. I thought it was because my guy was a little bit bigger- but I have a friend who was given this same raft, and the same thing happened to her baby (who weighs far less then my baby). Please be careful if you buy this product- watch your baby really closely. It took less then a second for my go underwater."
"Not good, very small, it is a waste of my money, I need big balls  for the center piece. Can I get my money back"
Does not work!!!
Do they do online price match? I am so going to price match to a $50 one I see on hlj and get this.
BROKE FIRST TIME USED
I bought this for my grandkids that were coming for a week.  By the end of the first day only a few of the lights were working and before they left there were no lights at all.  I wasted my money.
"[[ASIN:B00QMTDXJ8 (X20) Lego Minifigure Accessories - Hats, Weapons, Tools, Flippers Etc]]I was very surprised at the junk in the tiny 2.5 square inch flat package. There was not many items of any use in the package. My grandson waited for this package only to be disappointed. . Waste of $8.99."
Does not say kiss me! Lies! But it's cute
"When I took it out of the shipping package, I tried to extend it to look like the picture shown here, and the lens piece just fell right off in my hand!  I hadn't even had it out of the package for 90 seconds!  No way to put it back on, either."
"This product failed to work. It was clearly used, and when I set it up, even with fresh batteries, it failed to start properly and would not recognize game board pieces. I have played this game with others and know how to set it up correctly, but this product was defective."
"doesn't connect to baseflight or cleanflight configurators.  no clear way to update firmware, to allow it to be programmed, as unit is not recognized by any recommended firmware updaters.  i've spent 5 or 6 hours at this point trying to get it readable without an emergency cli failure and i don't think it's possible."
"Sunshade arrived on time and packaged adequately.  Once I opened and try to use it was obvious, there was no quality control.  There was no Velcro on right side. I quests if I want o use the sunshade I will have to tape each time I want to use it. Not worth returning. Cost more to ship back than what it's worth."
My 2 boys did not like it. The wheels are plastic so when they peddle it the front wheel just spun and they could not move.
"This product is complete garbage.  The poles are made of cheap, flimsy plastic and won't keep the net standing up properly.  The racquets are such poor quality that they strings on all four broke within 1-2 days of playing.  The birdies are so poorly made that they are difficult to keep in play.<br /><br />Better to search for products that have good reviews and spend your money more wisely."
I was very disappointed in this product. The plastic is very thin and the width of the slide is extremely narrow. It was a waste of money.
Purchased the Paw Patrol one. Never worked from the moment we took it out of the box. Failed to squirt water. My son was very disappointed.
"Seriously awful. I had a 3-layer puzzle as a kid and have been looking for one for quite a while. This was a huge disappointment. The pieces are made of hard plastic that breaks easily. Some of the pieces arrived broken while others broke when I tried to separate the pieces that hadn't been completely cut apart. As you try to put the puzzle together, nothing stays connected. You can never finish the puzzle because each new piece you connect causes the last piece you fit to come loose."
"It said they would work with the F180. But they didn't. They fit, but when you tried to fly it it wouldn't take off!!"
I only received 110 balloons not 330!!!
"I would not recommend buying from his company. Did not come in a plastic container, do not interlock easily so my three year old is unable to play with them, and the instructions are in Chinese. Would not buy this product again."
"Not sure what this is and have no idea where it came from, so as you can see I am very disappointed in this app that I have"
Beaks witching the first use
"We purchased this item at Target today and as expected, they are the messiest, horrible, devilish little slimey balls one should ever have the mispleasure of cleaning up. I mandated they be played with outside but somehow they ended up inside. What a mess. Impossible to keep clean. Unless this is outside it is not worth the mess. My daughter was careful too."
"This cube claims to shapeshift and it even shows a shapeshifting cube in the image, but when i received it it did not shapeshift. It was just a regular floppy cube and looks nothing like the photo. The stickers are textured, there are no torpedoes around the center, and it DOES NOT shapeshift."
"Awful figure and articulation sucks. Get the DC Universe version, also the seller is the worst !!!!! NEVER buy anything from him as he would not let me exchange this after I mistakenly ordered it."
Way too much Spencer for three  little bottles
didnt work
"Twilight Sparkle is like the bestest, coolest, most magical of all the little ponies.  I am jealous of her coolness.  I don't even feel worthy of owning such a cool toy.  I keep her in the closet under the other stuffed animals so I cannot see her therefor she cannot give me low self esteem anymore.  I just cannot take it!  I CANNOT!!!"
"It work while it lasted. Being a savage with an electric conversion that is better and faster than a flux, this wheelie bar bent numerous times, the rubber wheels are just slipped over the metal wheels so 3 wheelies on any truck they are toast, then lastly every screw came loose repeadtly even with loctite."
"Late shipping, and soooo many defective parts.  My father crashed and hurt himself because of it. If we weren't so lazy, there would be lawyers involved.  DO NOT BUY THIS SHODDY CHINESE CRAP, GO TO CRAIGSLIST AND FIND A REAL MINI BIKE."
I am usually not a very critical customer and I am usually a firm believer in &#34;you get what you pat for&#34; but this product was not worth what I paid in shipping. As soon as me and my five year old opened the saber the blades fell apart completely. My son was very upset and I will never purchase this product or any other like it from here.
I need to buy a replacement battery and can't seem to find one to buy
Did not meet my need
"By religion I am Wican.  I worship the Ghost Monkey.  But I took a shot at one of the more main stream pagan religions to help me sell my house.  Needless to say, I haven't sold my house yet!  I buried their saint as instructed and read their mantra but it didn't work.  I mean, sure, I have had showings but no offers.  Well, one.  But when they rolled up the rug in the living room and found the pentagram burnt into the floor, they backed out.  And something about the fresh digging in the backyard.  They had the nerve to question that too!  So no, this doesn't work.  You'll just hear the same stuff I hear.  &#34;Your house is priced three times higher than the identical model around the corner.&#34;  &#34;The alter wax won't come out of the bedroom carpet.&#34;  &#34;The 666 painted over the actual house number in red put us off.&#34;  Blah, blah, blah.  You are better off doing what I did.  I put a listing on Craig's List and rented it out to a nice young hippie couple who run a home business raising mice as mail order food for snake owners.  I took have the first months rent in rodents.  Pretty good deal."
Arrived perfectly sealed with half advertised.
"Cheaply made, pen doesn't work. I'm not happy with my purchase."
A way to make my kids superstitious. I should not have bought it...
Extremely sad that the bird call came broken. No sound whatsoever.
"These cubes are made of plastic, not wood."
"Yea, I bought a brushed version over 7 years ago. Never flew. EDF wasn't powerful enough, plane to heavy, battery wasn't the right one."
dirt or dust was trapped inside. and scratches all on the outside of the ball. I ordered all of them. and the two i got first are both damaged! This was supposed to be a birthday gift.
I think syma should  pay more attention to how they bulid their helicopter my helicopter came<br />With only one Ball link when I flew it it's leaning all over the place  I think they should send a whole set of replacement parts for it because it crashed because of there irresponsibleness<br />And I think that they should send every person with the same experience new ball links<br />I am truly serious about this and I am angry about my helicopter breaking up in to pieces
This is a piece of junk. Did not last a month. It was poorly made. This has nothing to do about the seller.
Dresses are too small as are the shoes for a standard Barbie doll.  Dresses almost feel like paper.  Product is made in China.
"Both the original and replacement came with maybe half of the told pictured, I was extremely disappointed"
Brotherhood of steel pre ordered...Picture was changed to mutant but title was the same. (Brotherhood of steel). Not cool at all.
Took forever to get Here then it didn't even work dont recommend.
"The box arrived damaged,  and opened.  Also,  there were no marbles.  I have 2 disappointed nieces.  Not sure who to contact re: the missing marbles"
Very cheap stuff don't buy it
Broke after a few uses. Very disappointing to the kids.
"This thing doesn't look anything like the picture. On top of that, the bear isn't even 8&#34; tall. Please don't waste your money on this garbage."
only works for the first week....
I bought this for entertainment and it broke the first time I tried to charge it.
Way to small
We took these on vacation and after two nights in the pool we could only get two balls to light up. Not sure if batteries died that fast or what but total waste of money.
This toy is a rip off. DO NOT BUY!!! Save your money&#62;
Disinflated on the first day. Cute but did not work
Very difficult for the kids to handle. They just ended up banging them into each other to get the heads to pop up. But the item arrived just as it should have.
Balloon
This was a piece of trash with typo errors all over the toy and box.  Very cheaply made.  The box even said that it would help your children love nature.  Insane.
"Not realistic looking at all. The hair is decent but the mask is extremely small as well as the netting that goes around the back of the head. My 7 year old couldn't wear it at all. Also the material is a thin shiny rubber, it does not look like the picture at all in my opinion. For the size and quality it is extremely overpriced. Returning now."
F this company and this toy. F the blisters and blood and sweat and bruises over trying to put this piece of recycled garbage together. F the manufacturer for charging a stupid amount of money for a bunch of broken plastic that fits in nothing it's supposed to. And F myself for buying this cheap death trap. Eat me you souless pile of hate.
Broken
Very disappointed. Beads are small and are easily knocked over when adding additional beads to the template. Also they do not fit easily on the tray pins. May give up before completing one! Not recommended.
broke in first hour played
"This thing is a piece of junk. Cheaply made, and is incredibly likely to tip over. Only purchase this item if you wish to see your child injured. If I could give this zero stars, I would. The designer and manufacturer should be ashamed."
Items were so small not even usable even for a pre k child
Cheap pool! Do not buy!! I bought this pool on clearance in September 2014. Put the pool up in May 2015. In one month the pool started leaking on the seam under the pool. Called customer service for Pro Series and they said it had no warranty after 60 days! YouTube this pool! It's a disaster!!!
"My 1 year old got this for his birthday in June. He loved it at first. But it soon stopped moving forward when you press the smokestack. It seems like some wires are crossed. Instead of going forward, the wheels move an inch and then it says whatever level it is on. So annoying. Sounds like this is a common problem with this toy based on what others are saying. I love Fisher Price, but we are so disappointed with this toy. It barely lasted 2 months. :( :("
"I ordered two.  Both came with the arms and legs separate. Attempting to assemble them by pushing the parts on caused the soft joints to deform. Disabling the two halves of the upper torso in order to install the arms and legs caused the LED bulb, batteries and push button to fall out requiring a few moments of trial and error reassembly. No instructions were included. Some limbs continue to fall out with even light handling. These are not suitable for play by even the most gentle of children.  Clearly what I received was of dramatically lower quality than other reviewers.  I would return them but I assume that would involve shopping them back to China.  Not even worth it. My kids are big Groot fans, and the disappointment was apparent.  They get one star for looking kind of like the character."
These props cause my drone to crash a few times. I had to replace my body shell on my phantom as a result.  Seems they were not the correct pitch.
Awful figure with poor articulation. Stay away from seller too as he the Worst !!!! He would not let me exchange this after I mistakenly ordered it. He totally sucks!!!!!!!
I have NO idea why the word 'rare' is being used. Rather uninteresting penny to me; will see what my boyfriend says when he flies in from London next week
Not what expected. Had to buy another one because of the quality of the product.
Box had imperfections not good
So far have not been able to down load app. I have a straightalk 3G and a kindle fire 6 tablet. Very frustrated.
"Bought this for my 9 year old who loves puzzles, I mean loves...this was impossiblr and we just gave up"
This is a toy.  Don't wear this and just show up at your local firehall expecting to go along and help.  It won't even get you free subs at Firehouse subs.
This was the cheapest most flimsy toy we have ever purchased from Amazon.  It is a complete waste of money.  The hat is made of very thin foam and the hook out of what is about equivalent to a garbage bag.
Disappointed in quality and working of this.  Hard for kids and myself to get it to go forward.
"Neat toy but, after 2 months, the audio stopped working properly."
Super cute but it  doesn't even move! Very disappointed!!!:(
Both arrived with dead batteries.
I have twin boys and bought 2 of these box sets to only find when they arrived that there was 3 sets of 12. Each box contained 3 of each character. We were disappointed and wish this would have been clarified in the description. Now we have 6 of each characters. Not happy with this.
They're nice when they work but I've had to return 2 out of 3 due to them deflating.
I bought 8 of these batteries for my 250 fpv quad. Only 1 of the batteries lived up to its 35C rating. The other 7 would not hover the quad for more than a few seconds. They charged and balanced fine. But they just dont have the rated discharge. I would avoid if you need 25C+ discharge
"Be careful when purchasing this figure, it only comes with one set of knees.."
does not work. it will bounce back and forth about 5 times then stops. it is tiny and medal balls are too light. it is a toy that should be at dollar store. does not work like one your science teacher had. waste of money
Broke the second  day it sucks ! Do NOT BUY!
"Don't waste your money, poor quality.  Arrived in damaged box.  Pieces on the inside where protected but scratched.  Wish I could return."
This is a piece of junk! Don't even waste your money and buy it. It broke from the second time my son used it and it was used hardwood floor and me and my husband were watching him and all of a sudden the rubber around the wheels came off.  We tried to put it back but that was hopeless! What a piece of garbage.  I wish someone with a conscious would make one that actually works and was built better because I think the concept would be nice for kids but definitely not this one!
junk
Very thin markers.
"Shipping was fast. But this car has been charging for 20 hours, well over the recommended 8/10 & it will not power on. Not satisfied"
There was glitter all over box when I received it and nothing left to try make tattoo.<br />This was a waste of money!
"My daughter received this demonic, irritating toy from GRANDMA (thanks a lot Grandma) and it is just awful. I hid it for weeks. The bark is just irritating and the way the eyes glow yellow makes me think WTF is wrong with this toy. I'm thisclose to throwing it in the garbage! It was barking and 'walking' and then suddenly it seemed to get ticked off and the bark speed increased to an almost consistent bark speed and the eyes glowed. Uh no thanks Demon Dog. You're getting your batteries removed. The person who invented this obviously doesn't have children. WTF."
Terrible!  They didn't work.  The balloons all deflated after the water was in them. They didn't close by themselves as they are supposed to. So we had to end up putting water in them one by one.
"I just bought a new LIFE game, thinking it was going to be like the one I grew up with. Think again! The gaming mechanics have changed tremendously. Its now quite difficult NOT to make millions and millions of dollars and have fine houses and careers. Choosing the standard career path is pretty much pointless; all the best careers are attained by going to college. The straight career path is not even viable any longer. I'm not knocking school, but if its that bad, why even make it an option? Every spin they are handing out $50 - $100,00 from the bank for doing things like best waltz or making amazing pancakes. Bank pays you $30,000 for making killer pancakes now? Oh yes, that happens in LIFE. Save your money and hit ebay or your local garage sale - or go raid grandma's closet."
I purchased this item from another retailer for my 7 year old for Christmas along with several kits. We told our family to also buy kits for her gifts. The toy was broke by the end of the day.  The needles break and bend easily. Once that happens the toy is worthless. Now we have a bunch of opened kits that we can't use.  Save your time and money.  This is not worth it.
My 3 yr old son loved it for his birthday. However the stuffing started coming out after 2 days..the costume is falling apart with threads unraveling all over it. Dissapointed in the quality of this costume.
I'm so annoyed I didn't read the reviews first. This is literally the worst excuse for a piñata ever haha. It's two props pig posters held together with flimsy paper. Won't even hold candy.
"DO NOT BUY THIS! The string snaped in half after 4 days of usage. I tried to restring the Kendama, but after 2 hours, I gave up. Buyer Beware!"
These were kinda a waste of money. Two were broke when I got them and just honestly were kinda of dumb.
I misread the description that these are all pink and not multicolored as the picture shows. Very misleading.
"I rarely write reviews so take this to heart. I was excited to get this poster. I was going to have to matted and framed for my new office and man was a bummed when it arrived today. I carefully read the description to MAKE SURE IT CAME IN A POSTER TUBE, but nope. It came in an oversized box with tons of packing to ruin it. Do not order, you may be upset."
Not good to me.
This is sooo nice that my friend said he will trade for 18 megas you got to by this
"Do NOT buy those Beads.<br />I was very excited about all the colours but when i ironed it, the beads just went crazy. They melt in a disgusting way losing their shape. See the picture. All the skin tone beads, the red ones,  the green from the eye and the yellow from the bottom of the shoes and light purple come from this tray and as you can see they look disgusting. I really don't recommand it, bad fabric."
this product is boring with in the first 10 mins you play with it...the biggest con for the product is that constantly falls down and you have to keep walking over to it to pick it back up....trust me this item is a waste of money!!! Did not like it
"This is awful. I did not get every part, not the robot hands, the legs to use the robotic legs, only two heads, and I'm missing more. This is a terrible figure to buy and you should spend your money on a better one. Also, did not come in a box. Came in a bag."
It broke the first day.
"Didn't work, although they did give me a refund."
Are gabby doll was worthless when you turn her on all she says is jibberish and makes the same noise over and over she works for a second and then goes right back to making weird noises I reset her and still nothing it was a big waste of money when it first came out I paid 70 for it now it's on sale for 25
small and creepy. or maybe i just hate caillou
"slow, DO NOT BUY"
"Complete waste of money. Tried to fill. Half of them had holes in them and immediately started leaking. The other 25% did not self tie, pretty much defeating the purpose. I started to try to tie them before the water drained, but I couldn't keep up. I didn't even bother trying the last bunch just put them straight into the garbage.<br />Save your money."
They do not work as well as i thought buy it from someone else.
no comment
"The microphone feels really cheap and is poorly made. When I put in the batteries, it never made a sound. Pay a few dollars more for something that works."
"This product is complete garbage.  The poles are made of cheap, flimsy plastic and won't keep the net standing up properly.  The racquets are such poor quality that they strings on all four broke within 1-2 days of playing.  The birdies are so poorly made that they are difficult to keep in play.<br /><br />Better to search for products that have good reviews and spend your money more wisely."
"When I bought this mini cycle the back axle was missing.<br />Instead of being smart and hassling with the return to Amazon. I chose the latter and called Amloid for a replacement part.<br />HORRIBLE customer service at Amloid Toys.<br />The time I wasted trying to get an axle from Amloid Toys, WHICH I NEVER GOT, it was too late to return to Amazon.<br />Now I'm stuck with a mini cycle that will never be used.<br />I will never purchase another Amloid Toy!."
"Shirt is nothing as it appears in the picture. Is not past the waist, not loose, straps on the shoulders are actually about a 1 inch cut out. Looks like a regular long sleeve tee with holes on the shoulders. Would not buy from them again."
Didn't work the way the advertisement showed it. Waste of money &  a piece broke on it. Garbage it went
"Don't buy this. The squeezy handle doesn't work, so it doesn't squirt water. Wayyyyyyy too expensive for something so cheaply made."
"I didn't really care for this product. You would think that the light saber would stay on until the child wanted to turn it off, but this one only stays on for a couple of seconds and automatically shuts off."
This is the worst product and it does not work at all!!!
Item I received is counterfeit.<br />The item i received is a &#34;Top Selling X6&#34; not a Habsan X4. I don't trust this listing.
This was a rip off. Very small and they had an odor about them. I picked one up and it fell apart in my hands.I threw them away. They were going to be used for Christmas stockings. I should have know for $2.89 each they would not be good. Will I buy again? No. I didn't want to give one star but I had to.
Very small. Plastic bent and ball no longer usable. Lasted only one day.
"Terrible quality. The paint is shipped as a concentrate tp shave shipping costs and must be diluted with water. When diluted according to directions and using the provided measuring cup, the yellow and white were way too thin. The white was totally useless and wouldn't cover anything. I cut the water in half (half of the recommended amount) for the yellow and it served as a weak stain. The red and blue worked. Also the brushes were low quality."
"Disappointed. This was a gift for our new son, who we are adopting internationally, while we wait to bring him home. The sound quality was terrible, could hardly hear our voices over the mechanical sound of the recorder. Then the sound stopped working before we even gave this to our son. This is the second photo bug we've purchased. The first one was purchased 5 years ago and sound quality was good and that one still works. So disappointed that our son doesn't have our voices while he waits to come home."
I bought these for my 1 year old to play with and they smell like rubber and chemicals!  Very poor quality.  They don't look the same in the picture either.  Very dull color.  Not impressed!
"Wish I could give it 0 stars. What a waste of money. Kept it in a very cold freezer for 24 hours, didn't turn any of the juices I tried to slushies--tried it 3 times. The third time my daughter cried she was so disappointed.  Don't waste your money."
We had to return this product as it said 2t-4t for size. My 2 year old son who is on the small size could not even fit into it. Not a fan!
"I'm so dissapointed and need to return the toy.<br />I'm not sure if it is defective or it is just the way it is. It leaks all over when you use it, it is really a mess and had to try the other bottle but it still leaks all over."
"As soon as I opened the figure it fell apart. The articulation sucks, the right arm would fall out when I moved it, and the foot just wouldn't stay on."
Worst styling head ever! So upset. There no weight to it so its impossible to control (definitely needs a stand) and my daughters were really upset to see how tiny it really is! Not to mention that her hair tangles so easily! Huge waste of money! I would have returned it had it not been that it was a gift opened in front of the person who had purchased it. Please find another one!
TOTAL BS
"2 pieces broken within minutes of light play, not worth the $, these would be great as cake toppers or decor for a childs room (up high on a self so they cant touch them), definitely not toys"
The boxes of crayons were in bad shape
"This says tinkerbell, but it shows cinderella."
Ok
These were not felt tip pens...but rollerballs.
I couldn't tell from the picture but this was basically fluorescent orange. Definitely not the color I was looking for
Sadly 1 star is the minimum it was broken when I got it package destroyed and blade bent. Worst prop I've ever spent money on
Cheap! And the poles broke after a few uses!
"BEWARE!!!  I wanted the map, like the picture shows.  Sadly I got something else.  I will not order from this source again!"
It doesn't roll!!!!! At all. It is nothing like I thought. I thought a push toy would be something that has a wheel type motion. Im so pissed that the toy I thought my daughter would like the most won't even move.
"This product didn't work, it worked for 2 minutes and then no signal and then stopped working. I couldn't return it because I was overseas and shipping would have been to expensive, what a waste of money. Dont buy it!!!<br /><br />I ended up trowing it away."
The puzzle delivered is not a eurographics puzzle which makes a big difference.
It did not meet my expectations .  It is just a cheap plastic toy. Very disappointed
We got this pump because it was the most inexpensive Prime one I could find. Now I know why. The nozzle keeps blowing off when we try to inflate a balloon. The threads that connect the air chamber and the rest of the pump are extremely low so that part just pulls apart as well.
rip off
They do not write good at all
Popped before I could even use them. I think they had small pin holes in the package. Not at all impressed because we bought these to use at a wedding reception and had to replace them last minute. Wish I could get my money back!
She looks like a cheap knockoff compared to the loving family dolls from the previous edition. Had to return because the mother looks more like the super scrawny sister in comparison to the original.
"This was great.  The first 2 or 3 times the kids used it.  The air pillow at the top got a hole (in the top, not even the bottom!) but the patch held.  Then a second, and another patch held.  Today after a few weeks we set it up again....and the entire bottom pool area burst, making the whole thing useless."
Very small!
Someone used to make good ones that were bigger and stronger.  These are very cheap and break quickly and do not fly very well.
Markers dont work !!!
Lame. Don't waste your money.
Again ordered these for a birthday party. Many of them had holes in them and were unusable. Very disappointed
I used this one time and the bottom mesh ripped almost all the way off.  Seemed like good quality material but was not.  Also the lettering was dark so it got very hot in the sun.  We have other tubes that did not get that hot.
Did not realize that this was a costume at the time I ordered item.
This is a knock of I bought it because it was cheaper then the one in stores but it was worst 20$ for the original or 16$ for the knock of it's won't even stay in it's place don't buy it
Pure junk. The motor is not strong and it will not stay together.  Save your money.
I give one star because wires stick out just to touch and loses its shine
This is a non original item
"Worthless..Never filled right, waste of my money"
This pad began to rip apart within a month of putting it on the trampoline. The exterior covering and the padding are blowing all over my yard.
"My daughter didn't like,I think because its not attractive and the buttons are hard ."
Taste test 1-10:  2<br />Creativity:4<br />Price: reasonable<br />Time for shipment: quicker then date recommendation:I will not recommend this product if you don't like very sugary plastic tea tasting candy<br /><br />-The review geek<br />You can trust the geek
"Product MANUFACTURE does not come with ANY &#34;packaging&#34;, such as SPECS (e.g.: of USA *Required standards for SAFETY **RATING to be ON the packaging, thus ON the packaging of the item from MFG (not Amazon).  It may look nice, feel nice on head, as REVIEWS show...but when it came in basic (Plastic wrap with a bunch of tape around it) and NO &#34;MFG IDENTIFIERS&#34; (ON or IN the helmut (no name on the Helmut or Tag IN the helmut to show (whom might be a *liability)...<br /><br />Reviews MAY have not reflected someone having IMPACT with this helmut (the idea: To PROTECT OUR HEADS).  The fact that ANY MFG. Identifiers are not ON the item, show lack of ______ (you fill in the obvious).  It is very handsome, but, NOT with helmut IN a BOX or with AFFIXED cardboard SPECS, especially USA Government REQUIREMENTS to STATE it's SAFTY # RATINGS and Testing, I feel this is a potential IMPACT *Risk (and how could the MFG. be (Identified), since no print, decal ON the external helmut exists, NOR (in) the helmut.  Think about it.  I returned mine, as if I get HIT by car, on TRAL hit a TREE, ***HOW do I know IF the SPECS &#34;written&#34; &#34;about this item&#34; is even true.  My head, noggin matters to me.  CAUTION the reviews (again) as it may FIT nice or LOOK very nice, but I don't see ANY REVIEWS on (when I flipped of my bike.... hit a tree, etc...)...<br /><br />The USA Government **Requires any SAFETY Device, including BIKE and Motor Bikes to have the SPECS (&#34;attached&#34; WITH the packaging when you BUY it)... just like the *Same USA Gov. Requirements of  &#62;&#62;&#62;BABY SEATS.<br /><br />Handsome looking, good fit...but not fit to &#34;take the chance&#34; of (Impact).  I hope Amazon works to remove this item.  Even though MFG. is out of USA, ALL *Safety products from ANY country ARE required to, if SOLD in USA to have USA GOV. SAFEty requirements ON/WITH Package from MFG.  I DO hope this has helped.  Be safe, Amazon humans."
It was disappointing.  Not well made.  Stickers didn't stick.  Too rigid.  Not worth the money
I have returned these already by U.S. Mail
this is insane
Not the same size as what I have. I needed replacement pieces for 14 inch board
it is only clothes.not a doll.
Never inflated for us
"Batteries that you cannot charge. The reason, you forgot to sent the proper adapter. When you receive the drone , you might get 10 min. of using  the drone and then you try to charge the battery , and you not able to do it. because YOU DID NOT SEND THE PROPER CHARGING ADAPTER. Just who decided to send this product out this way? When you buy a product you expect to receive everything you need to use the product, in this case we didn't ! Now you must hunt around for the rest of the parts."
"Not much to say. Live in Hawaii and will need equipment like this bag, but this is made from Very poor quality vinyl, and is difficult to operate."
"Bowl worked great the first time it was used, but now the pieces won't stay connected. The threads to screw it back together have nothing to stop you when you're tightening it - or to keep it from backing out - and it loosens up when handled, or just plain falls apart. That is if you can get it  to stay together at all to begin with."
I purchased this as a gift for my niece. The nanny ended up with chemical burns. We had to throw it away as the kid's mom was afraid the the kid was going to get hurt as well.
"I felt like this product was misleading. It should have said &#34;mini bubble machine.&#34; This item comes in a small package and in total the machine is about the size of a soft ball. The bubbles didn't come out that great and only holds about 1oz of bubbles at a time so I have to keep refilling it quite frequently. In total with shipping I ended up paying a little over 18.00 dollars. Just disappointed with size, quality, and what I got for my money. I would not buy this product again."
DON'T BUY!!!the graphics peeled off and backpack tore up!!!!!
poor quality something you can buy at the dollar store :(
"The product arrive yesterday, it looks good, but not too good at functionally, it's sounds like something is wrong inside, and sounds horrible when you pull down the bar, also it sounds like CRAP when it stops, definitely not happy with this, if you want to hear how it sounds text me and I'll send you a video"
Not very well made!
VERY UPSET! I got 4 packages of these balloons for a huge event we were having for my job and when we went to fill them they lasted for a few and all started to leak and with in 5 min all were deflated. Despite the few bad reviews i read before i bought them there were far more good ones and it saddens me i am here writing a bad review. NEVER again will i buy these. looks like the .99cent store for better ones i have to fill my self.
Had a hole in it almost immediately.  Don't buy this!
"Brought this for my son in June for his birthday. I was allowing him to play in house, since it was so small.  A few weeks later my son told me that it was no longer working.  I got busy and forgot to send it back.  This item cost too much money for it not to be working after 2 months.  Will not purchase again."
These paints are goopy and gross.  They spill very easily and remain in clumps in the bathwater.  They also don't work very well for &#34;painting&#34; the walls of the bathtub.  They made my daughter's skin itchy and they are difficult to get off of the bathtub when cleaning.
"terrible..after a lengthy shipping period , it arrived totally damaged.<br />I did not try to return or get this issue fixed though, as it was past my needed date of use and only cost a little"
Very disappointed. Work for about 5 pulls and completely died. Couldn't get it to work again.
Purchased this for my son's pirate themed birthday party.  It was a flop. The alligator wouldn't actually stand up to be able to toss the rings at it and the rings themselves were junky anyways. The kids just ended up running around with the alligator in hand.
Broke after less than 48 hours
I was hoping this was painted on and not paper
Do not get this unless you have an iPhone. We could not connect with a galaxy or other Samsung phone. My kids were bummed.
"Poor quality.  The antennae wouldn't screw into the controller, I had to glue it.  Cheap foreign plastic.  The battery doesn't fit properly with all the wires into the battery compartment.  I wouldn't recommend."
"Very disappointed we purchased this for my sons birthday. After opening today and trying to use it operated for 30 seconds and now dead, will not operate. Battery shows full charge and remote batteries are new. Return period has closed."
I am a ham radio licensee and an electrical engineer.  Been building radios since i was 5.  Got this to do with my 7 year old and it simply doesn't work.  Seems like the earpiece is broken.
"This is absolute junk. To begin with, when we took the tractor out of the box, we noticed small parts like hubcaps were broken and cracked. We got a little of it put together, and then we realized the SEAT had been left out of the box!! That was not even the worst part. The chain kept coming off the tractor, and it is a real pain to put it back on. To make things even worse, all of the wheels do not spin properly. We ordered a replacement, which was sent quickly at no cost to us, but the chain was even worse on it. I'd say this product is VERY overpriced. Cheaply made plastic. Doesn't seem sturdy, durable, or dependable."
Did not have enuf power to keep its own ass in the air. No control whatsoever.
The fluid from the ball was leaking when it arrived. Had to throw it out.
"Didn't recieve table cover and in reality over priced. Almost 19$ for small plates, cups and napkins."
I ordered 4 of these for a party 3 of which were ok and 1 was discolored ... they're very cheaply made and stained our vynal fence.
rip off
"Pretty poor knock-off of a real Monopoly game.  I understand there are copyright issues, but the description compares it to Monoploy several times, and makes no statements about the differences.  Waste of money."
"This is by far not a floor mat, better described as a puzzle. Very disappointed."
"I bought this item as I was interested in flying a starter quadcopter and looking at the reviews felt that this could be a good starting deal. I was very disappointed with the product .. In few hours the blades were dysfunctional , the blade protector that came with the package was flimsy and it broke immediately.. i tried to change the replacement blades that came with the product and immediately after that one of the motor broke .. So in 2 days time the quadcopter was a junk and had to throw it in trash.. If you are really interested in flying quadcopters , dont go with this product , or try something else from a reliable store.It is a total waste of my money"
I didn't like it I expected something else this is bad quality
"This is a really confusing game. There are a lot of pieces and the rules are complicated. We bought it for a 9-year-old who loves playing the werewolf game (similar to the Mafia game). We thought this was great because there are usually only three of us around. If you think you'll get a game similar to the group werewolf game that allows a small number of players, you shouldn't buy this pack."
They are just terrible! Sad and all crooked.  Looking like dogs after an accident....
All the chalk pieces were broken and not able to be used.
I gave this to my dad to put on the back of his car and it broke in 2 days! Horrible!!!!
Junk.  Don't buy.  Broken before we opened
"As far as I can tell, this does not have a working voltage regulator; I've measured voltages as high as 7.5V."
"Worst toy ever!!!  Did not inflate. Watched the You Tube video and learned that I had push the inflator further in past the seal.  When I did, the inflator (which is a smooth round piece of plastic, not at all sharp) punctured the other side.  End of toy.<br /><br />As a side note, we did manage to get a little air in it and after 1 min. of play the ball was filthy as the material picks up dirt, grass, pollen etc. like a magnet.<br /><br />Worst toy ever!!!"
I asked my parents for this for my birthday gift.😊but it broke the second day I got it.it got out of control and it started to move by it self.....😱after that I never wanted anything that is rc.(WARNING)DO NOT GET THIS!!!!!!!!!!thank you......😅😭
"[[ASIN:B001TKFRWG HQ Sport Kite Trick and Competition (Infinity)]]  So this arrived in the mail just 15 minutes ago. As I opened the box, which was terribly packed, I get the kite out and there is sand all over it. It seems like it has been used before. I paid for this kite 182 USD, and the next day, the price went down to 178 USD.  Also, the kite does not include any lines with it.  Such a disappointment and bad investment. I have been researching which stunt kite to buy and ended up selecting this.  Not worth the purchase."
Should have listened to reviews but was desperate for a gift. Key broke within 5 seconds of use. Drawer opens so fast the money pops out so hard at you. I would pay $5 for this but $20 is way overpriced for this cheap toy.
Not what it looks in the picture. Very expensive and super tiny
"The bubbles are ok, but the bubble wands are nearly impossible to get out of the container! Would not buy these again!"
This ad was misleading it didn't come with the  Darth Vader Mass or the gloves
"Complete waste of money, and we bought it heavily discounted. Don't think you're &#34;getting a deal&#34;. You'll just get a frustrated kid because things won't work."
Not worth no where near this.
"&#34;Lost&#34;, never received.<br />Level of satisfaction? Negative 17 stars..."
Perfect!  Great price and service.
Didn't work!!!!!
Horrible just a picture of a belt
Not the game!
"The s***? THE S***? A FREAKIN TOY FOR 50,000,000  WHAT I WOULD DO WITH DAT MONEY  1. INVEST  2. PAY OFF BILLS  3. DO COOL S***"
Lots of missing pieces!! Had to make up new pieces
Don't buy this piece of s**t this stupid thing didn't work when I got it to u peaple out there don't wast your<br />Money on this  doesn't reserve a star
"The sounds/voices are really bad, and they start even when the kid isn't touching the toy, which is very annoying for everyone.<br /><br />The lid is too easy to close. My kid closes the lid as soon as I open it.<br /><br />The switch to change the mode has the &#34;off&#34; mode at the bottom. My kid grabs that handle and inevitable turns the thing off."
"I ordered this  for my 5yo. Got a defective product. It has a hole in it and won't stay inflated for longer than an hour. It said that a repair kit was included, but actually wasn't."
This was so little. Not worth the price
It's appropriate they call this motor the Fireball because that's what it damn near turned into on the first run in my Slash 2wd after half a pack. Was running a 8.4v 7 cell Traxxas NIMH pack with the XL-5 esc and noticed the truck slowed down so I pulled in thinking low battery and saw the motor was smoking and burning the labels off. I didn't know I was able to yank a motor that fast until this one. Bought this new from somewhere else and it's become a $16 lesson. Do not buy this motor.
Poor quality.
Maybe 40% of them worked the other 60% were wasted.... I'm willing to be there is a much better brand out there.... Huge disappointment for myself and the birthday party....
"Was really disappointed, quick delivery but they snap wrist bands done were discoloured, as if they had been lying in damp storage for years."
"I'm disgusted that Amazon sells such a terrible product. Fell apart immediately. Worse yet, there is a warning on the back, required in California, that these contain cancer causing agents, birth defects, etc. I want my money back."
dumb when thr alarm goes off it opens no USE
the item arrived with the football and hand loose in the package.
"One of the poles didn't come with the tipi, big bummer."
"So disgusted at the quality of these. I bought 10 and ONLY 1 out of those 10 were actual satin fabric. The other 9 were made of some crappy crunchy-sounding paper-like material. Even if this were only on a front-faced display doll, the paper-like material doesn't even LOOK like satin, so it fails both in the &#34;feel&#34; AND &#34;look&#34; categorie (the satin one I received DOES look nice (in the FRONT ONLY, the back is plain satin, very crappy for a little girl who wants to twirl her doll around and see a beautiful dress from all angles).  It is apparent from previous 5 star reviewers,that THEY got all satin dresses, so they were impressed. Well apparently the company has decided to downgrade quality, and continue to thrive on their old 5-star reviews...that's a slick move, but it won't last long. So, in case you're wondering...today is August 21st, 2015. Do not order past this date or you get crap. I'll post some pictures of these lame dresses soon.<br /><br />I basically paid $20 for 1 decent dress. That dress might be worth $2...but that's the quality I THOUGHT I was paying for. $2 per SATIN dress. And I paid $20 for one. I could buy Barbie quality (+ matching accessories) for $4 each at the store. The quality I recieved here might be worth $0.50 a pop, max...but I don't even WANT that quality. It's not even worth putting on a doll at all...it looks UGLY."
"First of all, good readers, lend me your eyes. What color would your brain interpret as the one in the bottle under the title &#34;Hellfire Red&#34;? If you're anything like me, you would expect, you know, red. So much to my surprise as I excitedly opened the box when it came- it was orange. Not so-dark-its-mistakable-for-red- orange, but light orange. The thing is, I'm not a super picky person. So I thought, &#34;Eh! Orange is cool, too~&#34; and I thought my problems were solved.<br />But then I actually tried using it.....<br />I have used the regular red Manic Panic and it worked really well on my hair, thus, I wanted to recolor it because I loved it so much. But that was red. Now my hair isn't exactly great hair dying material, I'll admit that. My hair is light brown and so any color trying to go over that is going to have some competition. But the red worked before, so I figured I would give the orange a shot. But no. I followed all the instructions (even using heat in the setting process &#34;for brighter color&#34;) and what did I end up with? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. My hair is the exact same color it was before. The only thing that was dyed was a small part of my scalp where I accidentally got some of the dye on it...<br />Needless to say, I'm bummed...<br /><br />The short version (in Haiku form):<br />It's the wrong color,<br />really didn't work at all<br />and I'm really sad."
Description did not match what is included in box.  I am disappointed in the product but don't have the time to go to the post office to return.
Complete knock off! Also it's broken! And has holes in it! It was suppose to be a GUND item and its just a complete disappointment!
I bought this because the description claimed it was 11&#34; tall. i needed a tall toy for something. now proportions are all screwed up. better luck next year i guess.<br /><br />WRONG !!! the figurine is only about 5 inches tall
this is NOT a set of 44.  it come with 4 ten frames. 4 --- NOT 44. big difference. I'm assuming they meant 44 dot counters
"Did not work on my daughter's ALphie , waste of money"
"I didn't purchase this on Amazon. My son received it for Christmas and he LOVED it! However, it fell apart 6 months later. I was so disappointed because it's the second Melissa & Doug item that fell apart after a short period of time."
"I bought these as a Christmas gift for my nephew and I was very disappointed. They were obviously very cheap and the range wasn't at great as was described. I ended up spending more money getting him something better since I did not have time to exchange it and these were expensive enough, especially for the terrible quality."
"Wish I would have read the reviews before purchasing. I wish I could give this negative stars!  Waiting 1 month for 100 new colors and what I got was 25 colors, 4 pencils each!  Worst quality ever!  Very thin (#3) &#34;lead&#34;; thin, brittle wood that doesn't sharpen well; colors very weak, barely leave color on the paper; colors not even named/labeled!  If I were Amazon I would not even have these for sale!"
Thing barely worked when we got it and all it did was make my son angry because it would not work right.
My grandson loves it
Air plane came broken
Disappointed. This toy appears used.  I get the hassle free wrapping but the packaging was super beat up and the rubber wheel thing is dirty.  I think it's a way to sell used toys to be honest.  I can't return because this is a gift for my son in 2 days.  Hopefully he won't know the difference.
"Yes this is a stunning stuffed T-Rex, but my 3 year old daughter broke one of the legs in no time. Now the doll does not stand up. Its also pretty hard, so its not something to snuggle with. My three year old is not rough with her toys, and this broke.  I have a hard time seeing what the point of this doll is beyond decoration. For the price it shouldnt be so fragile. Maybe mine was defective. I'll be seeking a refund or exchange and will update."
It broke within 5 min of my son playing with it.
"Umm,  A Saturn V rocket on a 40' foot flatbed trailer?  I think that sends a very wrong message of the size of this rocket and ruins any 'educational' value of the toy.  The Saturn V stood 363 feet tall and over 33 feet in diameter.  Now, if they had included the Saturn V transporter it would have been nice."
"Waste of money. Bought two packs, less than half stayed filled with water."
Would have been a great little truck if it had arrived in one piece.
"I'm not sure how this product got high reviews from prior customers.  About half of the sticks I received either did not work at all (almost all the blues) or worked really weakly, unevenly and faintly (the yellows and pinks).  The green ones were somewhat ok but even there, they were uneven.  After bending a couple of times one of the sticks broke and leaked all over me too.<br /><br />This is a poor quality product, probably a case of you get what you pay for, but want to make sure folks no what they are getting."
FAKE SHOPKINS. My daughter opened them and knew right away. She acted excited but later I had seen she looked like she was crying. I asked her and she said she didn't want to disappoint me since I got them as a surprise for her. Kids are fanatics about these and can tell if they are not the right colors and so on. I returned them and told Amazon about them.
"They don't stay snapped together, most if the eyes had fallen off or were stuck to the rear end or underneath anyway. These are terrible."
This is a clear plastic poly-carbonate tray that you cut to fit your chassis.  You will not get a perfect sealed fit with this and as such rocks and dirt will get trapped inside. Those rocks and dirt actually bounce around quite a bit inside getting into your motor and esc ...not good.  I also feel that my esc and motor temps went up a bit using this as heat was trapped inside.<br /><br />There is another manufacturer who sells a flexible material that makes a perfect seal and allows your electronics to breath ...i'd seek out that other product instead of this one.
Nice toy for children with autism. However this item was not put together correctly and there's no way to reverse it. When you pull the horse puzzle piece out and replace it the sound is a mouse and the mouse is the horse. This item was installed incorrectly and there is no way to open it up to replace the switch the two items
One star for the product. Five star for the seller. Please be aware this product is made in CHINA. I bought it because it was advertised as made in USA. Would not made the purchase if I had know. Fake reviewers please stop lying about the manufacturing location. We DO NOT want to buy made in CHINA junk for safety reasons. Stop the false advertisment.
dont be fooled by the ad. the colors are assorted. they are not what is pictured.<br />I bought these to get acertain color they were advertising. the only color they didnt send.<br />I was surprised at how flimsy they are. my old ones were much better made.
"worked for less than a month.  the toy is not damaged but will not charge or power on.  The remote seems to light on still with new batteries, but the car does not."
"We got this in yesterday and he was so excited.  He carried it around all yesterday and today.  It's already ripped.  The paw patrol picture is a brittal overlay on top of the actual bag, so it appears it would be fairly easy to break.  I assumed that the design was actually on the bag.  Very disappointed"
Broke after one use. Fathers day gift. At least it brough joy that one day. Waste of money!
"I bought this item for my grandson's birthday. The boys were so excited. The swords did not even last 24 hours. They were playing with them when the green one fell apart and a little later on my grandson dropped the blue one and it broke in pieces. The boys were so disappointed, as am I."
"Unfortunately, these batteries do not spec. one of the two batteries I received was 70 x 35 x 20mm (L X W X H) 92.6g, and the second was 70 x 35 x 25mm (L X W X H) 113.2g. Neither correct to the advertised specifications 70 x 30 x 20mm (L X W X H) 108g. Unfortunately I will not be able to use the larger out of spec battery since it will not fit into my enclosure, money wasted.... Have not tested the capacity yet, as I am still waiting on parts for my project."
Cracked in first week. Poor quality Wood
Would have been a great little truck if it had arrived in one piece.
It was not what I expected too little ...for One year old  favor bags...
Case arrived with plastic top cracked as I pulled it out of box. Not worth purchasing S & H to send back.
This thing is absolute garbage. I'd give it 0 stars if I could. The handle fell off repeatedly even tho it was &#34;locked.&#34; It barely made any snow. The clamp would not tighten. The juice was disgusting! This is going right in the trash!! I'll make my kiddos slushies using my nutribullet instead.
The tires fell apart in a week I would not recommend this item
junk a waste of money
These gloves fit adults. Hardly kids size. They are also very long and go past my daughter's elbow when she tries them on.
arrived broken and not fixable
cheaply made. I had to glue in order to work. Belongs in the dollar store.  Mike
There is only one! Pretty expensive.
This is so small. Not worth that much!
Not real happy. Bought this for a birthday present and the batteries were just about dead:-(  So disappointing!!
"We received it and took it out  for  my granddaughter on her 5th birthday,  and to our surprise,  it didn't work at all!! She was devastated !! Returned it for a replacement, because she really wants it.Waiting for replacement !!"
Worked great for 3 days. Then it literally burnt up.
Picture is deceiving
"I purchased these blocks to match my existing blocks.<br /><br />They are NOT 1.25&#34; blocks.  Instead, they are 1.125&#34; blocks.<br /><br />If their size means nothing to you, go ahead.<br /><br />And if that little 1/8&#34; difference doesn't sound like much, consider:  it means the blocks weigh 27% less than as advertised."
"the bag is not weighted so when the child hits it, it flies across the room. not very happy with it"
Condition was stated as New - Sealed in original package BUT item was USED AND MISSING PIECES. Had sent this as a gift to a young boy and VERY disappointed that he received something used and in poor condition
Just as I expected.
it broke wita day.
Don't fit in Boogie Board clip.
"The pig we received was purple, not orange as stated in description.  No matter, as we didn't care about the color.<br />Unfortunately, once the batteries were in and switch turned on, nothing happened except a loud whirring sound.  No adorable oinking, moving feet, snout, or tail.  Going right back...."
"Box arrived open with loose crayons everywhere. Finally got them all back in the box to discover that I only received 62 of the 64 crayons. They were a birthday present, too. :("
"We purchased this for our small 6 yo son from Walmart, at a reduced cost compared to amazon for a birthday gift.  This LOOKS like so much fun.  But, within 1 hour of playing, a handle disconnected from the base- the plastic didn't break, the connection did, making steering impossible. Thankfully, we had purchased insurance. We returned the tank, and ordered a new one. The price had gone up by $75!!!! Walmart matched our old price and shipped us out a new tank.  Within 2 hours, a tire came off (we reinstalled)&#34; and a few minutes later, the handle broke. Step 2 is usually very durable and that is the only reason we would pay for such an extravagant toy. Now we have a son who has been excited and disappointed twice and no real replacement. Very poorly made."
"POOR QUALITY-- holes didn't line up & the finish is rough to the the touch. My husband, who is actually good at this kind of stuff, took over an hour to put this together. Not worth the money, i'm going to return it..."
Cannot even see through the lenses... Not worth it!!
Cheapest and most poorly made purchase I have ever made.
This will NOT fit the Trumpeter BMP kits.
Hard to stick on
I bought 8 packs I didn't get a single ex or hollow are you kidding me waste of money do not buy
I wish I read the reviews before even attempting to use this product. My 8 year old received it as a gift and was excited to make a case for her iPod touch. This product is terrible and we ended up throwing the whole thing away. We basically had the same problem as every one else on here. There isn't enough silicone to fill the mold and it leaked through the bottom and made a huge mess. Don't waste your time and money.
"Each piece is much too small, a choking hazard.  I gave it away without opening it."
Piece of junk.  Broke the first hour of playing.  So disappointing.
This Doll did not come as described. I expected what I saw in the pictures and what was written in the description. I was giving it to my goddaughter because it looked like her baby sister but it ended up being tan with brown eyes not white with green eyes. I ordered another one to give them the benefit of the doubt but it ended up being the same wrong doll.
"If I could give it a zero I would. We bought it for my son and he just recently started playing with it. Not only does the hair fall out in clumps and single strands EVERYWHERE, but he's allergic to it too. He has no allergies, so it's not like he's a super sensitive child, but every time he plays with it his eyes almost swell shut. I seriously wish he had played with it sooner so I could get a refund. Won't make this mistake again."
Burnt out when I first plugged it in.
If this wasn't already a cheap item I would be upset. However for under 5 bucks it is what it is.  It does not work at all.  My son doesn't know better yet so he just plays with it by putting together and taking it apart off and on again.
"The Balloons don't fill up very much. They don't break easily unless they hit the ground or a wall. Also, they have a hard plastic ring that self ties the balloon once it fills with water. If the balloon hits a person on the side where the ring is, it really hurts! I think it could be quite dangerous if the ring hits someone in the head or eye. Like some of the other reviews, my purchase was mailed directly from China. I don't know if there is another product available from the USA."
Received broken - would not Buy from this manufacture - cheaply made -checking a product to ensure it works prior would have been nice.
Overpriced for what how small it is
Cute Roy but not durable at all. My 18 month old is very gentle with his toys and this is only the first to every break! On day 3 the sound stopped working all together. It still drives and returns and the tiny lights on top light up but the music and sounds were what made my little one love this toy. Very dissapointing!
not as big as shown in the picture. much smaller that what apears in the picture
dont buy its so cheap and my daughter broke it right away and very hard to put together
half of the left side border pieces were missing
Bought for grandsons birthday. He was disappointed because the vehicle was too small.
"The ball was so small it was not worth playing with it. The ad did not show the size so we had no idea it was so small. Certainly could not be used at a basketball court. Also, since it arrived not blown up how was I supposed to use it. I returned it."
Just got these today and I am not happy! The kids have a nerf war this weekend and these darts maybe go 2 foot out of the nurf guns. Waste of money.
Excellent toy and well made. My 3 year old granddaughter loves it.
Received with parts missing.
This was the WORST!!!! While the kids were sliding the slide ripped apart from the little pool. Peice of crap.
"save your money, this is a cheap set.  The picture looks good but when you have bottle in front of you spectator's can clearly see this is not glass bottle.  There are many better versions out there,  the bottles also dent easily if you accidentally bump it against table."
"Fun and inexpensive but lost its tact, or stickiness, the 2nd day at the lake. would have happily paid more for one that lasted longer"
Fluffy Unicorn arrived with no horn :-(
Probably used for 2 weeks? Had to keep filling up the posts just to keep the shade on. Not worth it.
horrible fit. unbearable
Did not work properly. The coins would not slide through the slots.
This was my second one I received and after flying for about a minute I lost all control over the deone. The first one I receive didn't work at all so I returned that was as well. I did a lot of research before I bought this drone and I watched a few YouTube video and it seemed to work pretty good. so I bought one But it just didn't work for me.
"This game is useless. Without a super super bright playing space, the sensors won't know you're there. I had all the blinds open and 3 lamps on and it was still too dark. My 5 year old became incredibly frustrated and didn't want to play it. I also felt like the directions for each level were vague at best."
I thought I was purchasing 260 #10 balloons for my son to practice balloon tying with for almost $8.00.  In reality it is 10 #260 balloons.  Guess I should've read it more carefully- who knew balloons have different numbers.  Read listings very carefully!
Game box is torn. Cards look used. Returning the product.
only goes in reverse.  am sending it back
Horrible hoop!  To small and heavy to hoop with and it broke beyond repair when I tried.... Really cheap Chinese crap.  Do not buy
"These colors are horrible. If you try mixing yellow and blue to make green, all you get is blue. If you mix red and blue to make purple, all you get is blue. The Crayola brand is by far better. I would return it, but my kids want to use it anyways."
"I would give this product zero stars, if i could.  I can't even get the batteries in the product- and judging from the other reviews, if I did manage to make the herculean effort needed to open it, I might even be rewarded with a product that doesn't work.  First of all, you need a screwdriver to unscrew a small screw in the side of the lens, AND THEN there is a &#34;Push tab&#34; (like on a prescription bottle) that you have to depress to get the lens cover to unscrew... I have tried every imaginable item in my house (to aid my apparently incompetent fingers) to get the Push tab to depress.  I can barely type right now for how injured my hands are.  This thing is ridiculous.  My daughter is screaming.  My son is happy- b/c the other M&D flashlight my MIL bought was like a NORMAL flashlight (Blaze Firefly Flashlight) and was easy to install the batteries (you just unscrew the top and place the batteries in).  Good luck. Buy something else."
These machines make the best bubbles(compared to three other machines i have tried)  WHEN THEY WORK. We have gone through 6 of these bubble machines. The motor dies quickly.
"This kit is not engineered correctly.  The fore mast and main mast are designed wrong. In order for them to fit correctly, they should be swapped. The masts are the correct height the way it's designed, buy the fitment is wrong. To switch them would have them fit the other parts correctly, but then the fore mast would be taller than the main mast causing the model not to look right.  I'm very disappointed in this kit."
cheap well not order from them again and over priced
The package was bent and crushed
Very cheap materials.  Cars are just awful!
Not impressed they have to be made of some really gnarly material cause we purchased them about two months ago and they still stink up the entire house not to mention one of them had it's eyes painted wrong.
The squeegee works nicely. The pen is awful. This was a replacement pen for the original and they both are terrible. They stop working and it just becomes frustrating. I don't care for this product. Good idea - poor result.
Whoever said this cable works with Walkera transmitters lied. Don't order this for Walkera. It won't work.
Not much to it!
"Misleading to say the least, Very disappointed! I bought a couple for my daughters french class, she was so excited for them to arrive. She was heart broken as she opened the bag and saw the regular english letters, the tiles are in english and have nothing french about them other than,<br />The bag, has french writing, and the instructions are in french and english. I should read the reviews before I bought, i didn't think about reading the reviews because we love the english version, and you would expect the french version to be in french and not just have extra W's, S's and E's.<br />Now I get to deal with a heart broken little girl.....BOO!"
The description said that the shoes would be exactly as picture.. Actually I just got several pairs of the same shoe.  Also sizes of the shoes vary a lot..  Some fit Barbie others don't.
"Looks not at all like the picture, super-strange, the tongue is attached to the chin bit all the way through."
The &#34;sticky&#34; ball that was provided to stick these to the walls could've done maybe 15 stars. Don't waste your money.
Wing broke off almost immediately.
Barely lasted 1 hour.
Took long time for delivery and Brass Clasp were broken upon arrival
Purchased these awful balloons for my sons birthday being that I needed primary colors to fit the party theme. They do not advertise that these balloons are of pearlized color and therefore making them very &#34;girly&#34; in appearance. All I wanted was flat color primary balloons... Definitely returning bc they will ruin the look of the party & maybe I would consider keeping them if I was throwing a party for a girl. That's something that should be mentioned in the product description. I can't comment on the quality bc I haven't used them & don't plan on it.
The toy is completely broken and bent up.
After two charges it stopped charging.
Tried folding all of the planes but could get this to stay in the air for 5 seconds
Didn't last one summer
"As a father of two young children, I assembled many furniture orders and this has to be one of the worst assembly experiences I've had in a while. The instructions are unclear, and to assemble correctly you have to perfectly align ALL of the MDF panels just so then screw it down. The shelves on this unit are some of the flimsiest ones next to the dowel - and - screw holes, and will easily break with minimal pressure."
You can get a lower prices one that actually LOOKS good.
"Did not work with my daughter's Alphie, was waste of money to buy it"
"hamper.is.cute.yet.not.sturdy.enough,handle.broke.on.1st.use"
"These are fakes, they don't even properly screw on, felt like they were cross threaded. They said DJI on them though were not the same weight, shape, or threaded like real DJI blades. I feel these would be dangerous to use."
These were dim and about 20% of them leaked.  NOT recommended
"I have now been through  two of these motors in the last 15 flying minutes with a stock Flyzone Switch RC airplane.  The original motor and the two replacements that I have purchased have all failed with the plastic rotor magnet retainer breaking.  The result is either a fully seized or partially seized motor during flight.  In the final failure I recognized the situation quickly enough to shut the motor down quickly enough to avoid high current damage to the coils on two of the three phases. Unfortunately all three must be healthy to turn the motor.  I initially believed that the first failure was due to overheating, but after creating additional cowl openings, but after placing the propeller adapter as far forward on the motor shaft as possible to allow better airflow into the motor from behind the spinner, I no longer believe that a design issue exists with the Flyzone Switch airplane.  These motors are just coming apart during reasonable operation.  These motors are not worth the price and the warranty is of marginal value given the fixed shipping and processing costs relative to the purchase price.  Unfortunately the options for using a different motor in my aircraft are limited due to motor mount design.  Time for creativity I guess.  Too bad the motors are of such poor quality."
It breaks too easy. We prefer smaller sizes.
"I could not get it to work most of the time.  I would get it put together correctly and get it running and then it would just stop without totally unwinding and popping the balloon.  Very disappointed.  Would love to try another one though, but not going to pay for it."
"Ripped first day, very cheep."
Chairs are poorly made. Trying to return them was impossible. After many confusing emails I decided to throw away the chairs and forego the refund. Stay away.
Seized up after a couple hours of running time. No longer usable.
"if you are considering purchasing this super thin plastic, leaky and badly package piece of s***...<br /><br />Open your window... Take a $5.00 bill out of your wallet... Make the bill into a paper airplane... Throw it out the window. You just enjoyed your money more than buying this Chinese crap. You're welcome"
Didnt work as sson as package was opened
"I wish I would have read the reviews but didn't pay enough attention. You get what you pay for, save your money... just spend the money on one good figurine."
It gets stuck on walls THE END!
Get what you pay for. Cheap. Used once.
"From the beginning, they didn't hold a charge for more than 20-30 minutes, so we were constantly recharging them. Now, I can't recharge them for two reasons. First, one of the metal contact plates on the inside of one of the walkie talkies has broken loose (it's held to the backing by tiny, fragile plastic prongs). Also, something is rattling inside the charging base, but there is no way to open it to see what the issue is. As a result, I can't plug the cord into the charging base. They don't seem very durable for kids, even ones that are careful with their toys."
You can make the same thing with a piece of scrap 2x4 and a old paint Roller handle. There are so many ways to make your own... Don't buy into this sissy BS
"I didn't get this sonic screwdriver I got one of the older version that doesn't have the second red color and special last 2 green light flashing ,but no I get one that just has a button doesn't activate anything of the sort"
smells like fish and so small most broken
They were all broken 😕
It sucks! The tires dont move and break. Expensive and is useless. Use Gemini jets more!
I was under the impression that the chopsticks glowed I was wrong
Don't waste your money
Some was shiny some was flat! Was not what was described! Don't waste your time!
My 4 yr old broke 1/2 of these as soon as using.  The points were breaking off.<br />Playskool offered a better product - a bit shorter but held up great.
Very poor quality. Extremely fragile. Virtually impossible to control in a small indoor space.
"This trim inside width is 1/16&#34;. This WILL NOT fit a 1/8&#34; panel. It appears to be very pliable and would work weel for 1/16&#34; panels.<br /><br />The trim is 1/4&#34; overall height, and designed to fit 1/16&#34; panel."
Very disappointed. I love Ariel and when I got my puzzle it was already opened and the contents out of its usual plastic bag. The puzzle was already half put together. Appalling.
Broke within 5 minutes of my child playing with it. Beyond cheap. Unrepairable.
I love the design but the helium would not hold for even 8 hours. Filled them up and within 5 hours they started getting closer and closer to the ground and by 8 hours they had shrunk in size and laying on the ground!  PIECE OF JUNK!!!
I couldn't see the screen.  The contrast was quite poor.
2 out of 3 were dried out and unusable. Such a disappointment.
The truck is diecast but the trailers are cheap plastic! The attachment pieces keep falling off. Poorly made for the price :(
"My daughter loves shopkins. I bought it for her birthday. She loved it, but it is made cheaply. It will probably last a few months at best. I bought it for my seven year for school, it will not fit all her things. Ut is more for a younger child, maybe 3 to 5 year old."
Received this item expecting it to be 12&#34; in size and it was maybe 5 inches. Not even close to the size stated. Would not recommend.
Sand was too thin and messy<br /><br />Not what I expected
Cool looking! I ordered 2 because my friends son (8) who's been battling cancer really wanted one for Christmas so I decided to get one for our family also. Spring came and decided to try it out but it wouldn't wind up right and broke! Disappointed & all 3 of my toddlers cried. I don't recommend it!
Cheap piece of crap
Do not buy this battery.  The instant that i plugged it in I heard a pop and found that it fried my Sidewinder 3 ESC on my Axial Wraith.  After taking the whole rig in to my resident expert at the local hobby shop I was told that he has seen this several times from these cheap zippy batteries.  It has cost me almost 90 bucks to rebuild my rock crawler from the damage this battery caused.  In total i saved 4.50 by buying this over a battery from behind the counter locally.  Buyer beware!!!
it broke within days of taking it out of the box
"The pieces were much too small, choking hazard.  I gave it away without unwrapping it."
Too small.
Does  not Work very well
Handle broke within seconds of my opening it
"Very cheap, dont buy."
Turns differently at each corner
Doesn't even fit my Samsung Note 4 its slightly too small and the mickey mouse and background are just a s***ty sticker. Do not buy!
"I bought this for my 5 year old because I have fond memories of learning to play and learn with this clock as a child. Price is absurd, and the hands on the clock snapped off after one use."
I recevied the wrong piece.
It pays to read reviews. Do not buy this.
My kids and the neighborhood kids used this for 1 month and it worked great. The kids are ages 7-9. The day after I couldn't return it the rope broke! Disappointed and threw it in the trash. Waste of money!
These markers were producing spotty lines from the start. Several were already dried up. I sent then right back! Very disappointing.
The eggs are none of the colors pictured and most of the toys are the same and super cheap. Product is nothing like pictured. :(
"The order screwed up and I got the pilot from the X-Wing Microfighter set# 75032 instead of Dak. However, I wanted another X-Wing pilot anyway so no harm was done."
"This is great! I thought Mom was getting me a toy which would blow lots of bubbles as fast as possible, but really the sounds of gunshots and a bloodthirsty voice screeching FIRE FIRE makes me feel like Elliott Rodgers. A must for all would-be white male serial killers."
"This is an amazingly poorly designed puzzle. The pieces are of different sizes and some are very small and easy to lose. I had thought the pieces would all be the same size. Worst of all, the pieces are NOT INTERLOCKING. This means that they slide around as you try to do the puzzle. Why did they have to have a piece in the shape of each state? Why not just put the whole picture on regular puzzle pieces? You can't tell by the fit if one piece fits with another, as you could with interlocking pieces. And without the interlocking feature, each piece is one color, so you don't get color clues to see which piece fits with another. I contacted them to ask for a refund and they sent me a paper which a DHL deliverer would collect when he came to my house SOMETIME. I missed the DHL carrier twice and finally just left the puzzle on a bench of a busy street for someone to take. It's still there."
"These are fake.  While I have read the other reviews and am happy to see that other customers are pleased with the product, I am writing this to inform others that if they were looking to buy the officially licensed/real set of these figures, this is not it.  There are multiple ways to tell that these are bootlegs, so if you have any questions please ask or comment."
Prince Charming fell to pieces upon taking him out of the package. He will not go back together and seems to be missing a part or something. Cinderella is just fine however.
"I received 3 bundles of cards from Amazon (so, 12 boosters) and after seeing my pulls, it became incredibly obvious that these are weighed packs. I buy a lot of Pokemon cards and have been doing so for many years, the odds of opening 12 boosters and only getting common-rares are... well, not likely, to say the least.<br /><br />In recent Pokemon TCG series, people have discovered that Ultra Rares, EX cards, and full-art holos weigh slightly heavier than &#34;regular&#34; cards. As a result, people buy the booster boxes, keep/open the EX/UR packs that they find via weighing, and sell the rest in small groupings like these.<br /><br />If you're fine with a 0% chance of pulling a good card, this is a fine deal. If you'd rather buy the cards like they're meant to be bought, aim for the booster boxes, various sets (like the ones that come with the pins) or buy at a retail store that you trust."
Do not get it. Just don't.
Wish I had looked at the previous reviews. Very disappointed.
cheap
These do not stick at all. I placed them on my son's wall the day I received them and within an hour they were either barely hanging or on the floor. Wasn't at all satisfied with them.
"I'm very disappointed! It is not include the electro-motor ,and I can not assembly one model!!!"
Not delived
"When mine came, it was not the Metal Earth brand. Some knockoff. Disappointing since it's a gift."
"Right from the start, barely pops ball up. More plastic junk from overseas"
"This is a beautiful wand, but ours was defective. We had to exchange it at Olivander's Wand store when we got to Universal for one that worked. The new wand we purchased worked well enough."
flimsy junk and  doesnt stay inflated
this set was not durable enough for my son who is 4 .  it stopped work with in the week we got it because the rubber on the wheels wears to quickly . also the track is not as sturdy as other hot wheel sets. personally I would not waste the money on this one.
Do NOT buy if you're looking for anything but filler cards. I should have known better than to buy booster packs online but now I've learned my lesson. Packs appeared opened and resealed and not a single holo or decent rare card out of 10 packs. Please don't waste your money like I did.
It looks really cute.  But it's useless when it comes to meal time. Too small and the the sides of the down pocket are actually open. Liquids and food can easily leak out. Plus the pocket comes off easily with unsecured buttons.
Only received 1 flag and the description says 12.  Way overpriced for 1 flag!!!
Steps broke in a month..company will not refund or replace =(  Real Bummer for my son
I got the travel model. I returned. This is the third time I have wrote this dumbed down review. Apparently the first two wasn't nice enough.
infringed on copyrighted properties
Selling card sleeves under Yugioh / MTG when the two cards are not the same size. MTG cards will not fit in Yugioh sleves.
"This balloon pump came just in time. We like end of summer parties and blowing up balloons is a big part. I do it for the kids and when the kids are happy, so am I. Well my happiness ended with my first balloon.    The balloon would not blow up. I heard lots of air coming out of the balloon so I wrapped by finger really tight around the nozzle. After about two pumps of air went in successfully, the air sound was back. I tried twisting the balloon around the nozzle to further keep the air in my balloon, but no success. All of my squeezing and twisting eventually made a hole in the balloon so I tried a second balloon. About twenty minutes later, and no balloon blown up, I gave up. It is much faster to blow up a balloon with my mouth.    Unfortunately I did not have any success with the balloon pump. However, it does come with an attachment for balls. I have not tried it out on balls but I can tell you it did not successfully pump up our balloons.    I received this balloon pump in exchange for a review. All opinions are mine and were in no way influenced by outside sources. I am a professional blogger/product reviewer at [...]"
They were tiny
Was not the Star wars calebration edition that I purchased and it came it really bad condition the box has dents and was awful! wouldn't buy!
Paint started coming off first time we opened.
Useless tiny thing
Im really disappointed with this pack. Most of the card that I got are really bad probably 3 or 4 goes in a deck of blackwing and I got 10 copies of every card
"My first dancing flower wouldn't work even in full sunlight.  A replacement item was immediately sent and it also won't work even when placed in direct sunlight.  It's a shame, because this actually looks really cute."
It did not work the batteries were dead when it arrived what a disappointment.
Really BAD. Please put this with your x rated awful stuff.
the description is misleading...i thought i was buying 750 plastic pieces....instead i got about 300 plastic pieces and 435 non glow in the dark sticker...i will not recommend this seller to anyone...especially not my bloggers
😀when I got I was so exited I opened it  up and OMFG!!! It was s*** looks nothing like they advertise it I was so disappointed the ugliest coat ever like wtf!
Item arrived on time but the box was saturated all the way through with some oil type substance. Not happy at all...
Clearly trying to make an obscene profit after supplies run out..
gift the morning of my daughters party so she could take pics all day. opened it and thats all. didnt turn on or anything. put NEW batterys in and still nothing. what a waste of my money and time anticipating shed be able to use this all day.
"Chappy quality, fell apart within an hour. Wish I would've read the reviews first..."
Pretty much worthless. Nothing stays attached and therefore almost everything falls over.
"I did not purchase this item personally, however we were at my daughters best friends party and this product almost caught fire to the swing set as it blew up. Please be aware of this product and this company."
Tiny peace of rubbish/garbage!
"This a throw away hat. It's flocked on thin plastic NOT a velour hat, which is how they describe it.  I was really disappointed."
Airplane keep falling apart would not fly
"Terrible product! I thought these would be adorable for my son's sports themed birthday party, but there is no way i was going to use them! First of all, the items that arrived did not even look like the ones pictured.  The straw had no tops and fell right out of the bottles.  The ball details were spray painted on and the spray paint was smudged.  They smelled like chemicals and I would not have young children drink from them.  Additionally, one of the bottles was cracked.  Do not buy this item!"
"Terrible.  First to know is that all 3 GM screens for the different star wars games are EXACTLY the same.  None of the screens have any of the game specific rules on them.  The advertised &#34;lightsaber customization rules&#34; are a joke, and can be summed up with &#34;gather 300 cred of parts, make a skill check to build lightsaber&#34;.  There are no additional crystals, mods, parts, rules, ANYTHING else.  The &#34;Knight level play&#34; rules is basically a blatant lie.  No rules not already present in the core book (150 extra XP, start with lightsaber).  The rest is &#34;advice&#34; for knight-level games so obvious (make enemies more difficult, and skill checks harder!) it gave me a migraine to read."
Ordered these for my son who is a big collector and he was very upset to find that these cards were fake!
Terrible!  It is not durable plastic-  It's cheaply made and not adult sized.  A child could probably use this cane but the plastic is frail and flimsy
Did not work
I ordered several letters for a party and only 1 could blow up.... i spent more than half a hour in the party store as several employees tried to no avail. Don't recommend.
Received it with a big rip in it. Now I have to go buy another one because I won't have time to wait for a replacement before my son starts school. Disappointing.
Piece of poo!!! The pieces fit together loosely. If you or your child try to pick it up to play in another area/room ( for instance my daughter likes to play in the kitchen while I cook) the thing falls apart once you pick it up. Any picking it up and its right back to building it.
doesn't fit over my motors so useless
DO NOT BUY  Some control over flight. Foam not held together well.
A lot of pieces were broken or missing. Very disappointing for my son!
Crappiest decals ever! Spent over 1.5 hours putting up for them to fall off in 15 min. I requested a refund & they want me to send back the item...what do they want the stuck together crappy &#34;tape&#34;? Would not recommend...it also comes with no directions for &#34;easy assembly&#34; DO NOT BUY! Doesn't matter what kind of walls you have painted or not or whether you wipe your walls before application! I'm more than mad about this!
"These are not what is pictured or described. They are pink with bright colors, not double sided, and have a preset pattern. Highly dissatisfied."
Product doesn't fit. Same a others reviews the round inside corner won't allow the bracket to go all the way into the camera.
"Do not get these balloons!!! I had not one, but two of them pop while inflating... No wonder you can only get them on amazon and not any other store!"
Strings broke soon after receiving. Much smaller than I was expecting!!not very happy with this one!
"heavy, slipping sliding and loss its Diamond with 2 weeks"
It a joke!!!!!! Small enough for a baby's first seat
"The boat was fun for about an hour,what they don't tell you is that this boat sinks very quickly, I bought this for my grandsons birthday, he was using it In a backyard pond, it flipped over and before he could retrieve it, it sank, out of sight, irretrievable, unless you've got money to throw away don't buy it,or tie a rope on it,"
"Terrible.  First to know is that all 3 GM screens for the different star wars games are EXACTLY the same.  None of the screens have any of the game specific rules on them.  The advertised &#34;Nemesis&#34; rules are non-existent, and can be summed up with &#34;build a nemesis as a PC, give 1 extra action&#34;."
This is junk!! Don't waste your time.  Even for a toy guitar its terrible and dangerous.  the guitar strings come out and are very sharp!!!
most of the &#34;jewels&#34; were unglued to the rings.  cheap junk.  you get what you paid for.
"it is too light. I don't like the swing, It is very limit in your feet on there"
Biggest piece of crap ever.
Bad
Cheap... Not the quality that the game used to be.
all the buckets & shovel were the same color.  NOT assorted as described.
From the picture I assumed I was getting one of each color.....instead one little blue tub ...for 10.00
Very bad quality
It broke the same day. Either cheaply made or my dog is too strong.
"I am soooo disappointed, The large Minnie Mouse character balloon DOES NOT float upright once inflated with helium. I went to a professional floral shop to have this done. They were baffled at the amount of helium in the ears which makes this item TOP HEAVY. They said the ears should be smaller so it can float properly. I will say the #2 is Large. But, this is definitely not worth the money when you loose such a large part of the purpose of the purchase."
"Don't bother purchasing. You pour the bubbles in the front, but it will leak through the bottom making a mess and wasting the bubbles. Device stopped working after first use."
Within 2 minutes my puppy tore the weazel off the ball. The weazel is literally held on to the ball with the same plastic things that hold price tags on clothes also the motor is very very weak so it barely moves. I would not ever suggest anyone buy this toy
"Crummy, parts missing, box was partially open with tears, lousy decals. Threw the trailer away and hoping the grandson will use he tractor once before it breaks."
It is so ugly!!! I was very disappointed! The hair is terrible!!!<br />The doll is scary!
"Was afraid my crawler would impale herself on this toy and it's a little frustrating in that the squares are split and need to fit to go back on. I'd not recommend this for that factor...stacking is a better age appropriate action. I also took it away because those posts are def not play friendly. Don't recall the recommended age, but wouldn't purchase again."
"Unfortunately, this snow cone maker is a non performer - don't even try! We plan to add it to our Christmas Snowscape this year to repurpose it - otherwise, it'd be trash can bound."
Don.t buy this.just one day ...no more work....
Poor quality.
We all enjoyed the original game of LIFE but this on falls short.  We thought it would be similar to the original but use the Minion characters.  It isn't.  The kids played in only once and lost interest.  We are thinking of creating our own &#34;rules of the game&#34;. I think we can create a better game!
VERY cheaply made and the feather is not included. Pic is misleading. Returned.
I ordered 8 mm size because I have the 6 mm size and they are too small. It was a total waste! These are not 8 mm.
Worst cheapest toy I have ever purchase especially for the price. No color changes. Arm broke off while taking out of package! My three year old granddaughter was so excited until we had to take it away from here!
One of the rings won't hold air
"Way way overpriced for what it is..I thought it at least had the shelves but those were just plastic. Zero functionality other than storage, for $25 total ripoff"
For some reason couldnt get it to work!!
"If you know how this trick works you know there are 5 permanent &#34;dots&#34; on one side.  These idiots have put six permanent and immovable &#34;dots&#34; on one side.  This is not even consistent with the instructions they provide.  For those who do not know how this tricks work, having 6 permanent &#34;dots&#34; makes this trick unworkable!  DO NOT BUY THIS!!!!"
Lost air in first 20 minutes
this is not me. you have the wromg person
No candy. Thank God I checked before the party.
Not as wide as it appears. It fits acroos a small door.
"Received the mini figure minus the dual lightsaber.  Now I have to go through the hassle of returning the mini figure and my son has to wait to receive a new mini figure, hopefully with the lightsaber this time.  Uggh"
Horrible!! Bends easily and won't stay straight.
Tore after five minutes of wearing . Cheap fabric !
It was so small and cheap looking for the amount of money spent.  Will be not ordering from this site anymore.
Will not last. It drains quickly.
Broke after charging ten batteries.
"Poor, small hole in top. Used it with 2 grand children and they used it for 30 seconds. Not good"
Junk !!! Lots of &#34;dud&#34; fell off without filling. Leaked after filling too. Don't waste money on this item
"As is the case with many others, I pre-ordered the Brotherhood of Steel vinyl and received this Super Mutant."
Fell apart into a million pieces. Not for younger children.
"Cheap made,not what I expected!"
"Crap, and Shipping took FOREVER!"
Fast shipping. Stupid game! Not worth what I paid for it. Can not believe anyone could call this fun.
Very small. Didn't relIze it was so small.
horrible fit... actually hunted my child.
"This product was such a waste of my money as when I received it, automatically you feel the cheapness of the product! Worst was that I used it for my daughters birthday and to our surprise it was smoking and almost caught our garden area on fire. Law suit sounds good right about now. Probably the company is in china so I will not waste my time."
"A Very sloppily made figure. Paint smudges. Unaligned NCC-1701 number, horizontal middle, on one of the nacelles because its a 2-piece part."
Disappointed. It was so fun but it Broke right away...
Item fill apart/absorbed water after a few times in the tub. Mold hazard!!!
No Paint in box...what a disappointment
"Very tiny wires slightly larger than a human hair. You can force out the wires to solve them.<br />Puzzles are stupid and easy to solve. The largest puzzle is around 2.5cm.<br /><br />Basically, I got robbed. It should cost no more than $2 or $3 for that quality."
I spent almost an hour sweating and pumping to no avail.It was a disappointing day for me and my granddaughter.I purchased a pump that I have no need for as well.A waste of a hot and sunny day.
The white dots were smeared! It was only a dollar so I guess should not have expected much!
Don't waste your money!!! As stated by others it take a very bright light to work - Don't expect it to work sitting on a office desk.
It was broken than I returned it ...
Expected more coins for the price. Could get more for same price on eBay
I have no idea why so many people like this game. It is hands-down the worst game I have played. I would rather play monopoly over this.
"Ahaha, yeah these are fake.  There are multiple giveaways as to how these figures are fake, so please do your research before purchasing these.  Also, know that as bootlegs, you are not guaranteed anything that is of high quality.  You may not even get the paint job depicted in these pictures.  If you have any questions as to how I know these are fake, please feel free to comment or ask."
"Lasted 2 weeks. Great for light use and looks great, but if you have active kids you will be buying a new one each month."
Product was broken when I received it. Not with your money
The tubes head rest wasn't sealed. about a 2&#34; piece on the headrest seam was wide open. This didn't allow it to inflate. I wouldn't buy this again.
Poorly made and broke immediately!!! it doesn't worst.
"Fell apart too soon! The bad ripped within the first month of school. This was used by a 3rd grader, no heavy textbooks were put in this. Just a composition notebook, a folder, snack ( usually an apple or yogurt ) and a water bottle. Very cheaply made!!!"
"Not what I was hoping for. Like others said, this toy isn't like the one I grew up with. So far I'm only able to get a few feet of launch out of these. Will look for something else more expensive."
did not work after a week
"PASS!!! Extremely cheap, screws stripped out, holes don't line up. My husband put it together using his own hardware and the pieces still ended up breaking apart and splitting after only a few play times with my VERY gentle daughters."
"Impressive robotic dog, but soon developed mobility problems.<br /><br />Our 9 year old daughter really enjoyed Zoomer.  However, after several hours of use (over a few days and a number of recharges), the left-front leg and shoulder did not work correctly.  The leg would intermittently freeze in an extended position, preventing Zoomer from doing many of his tricks.  Even when the leg retracted and worked pretty normally, the leg and shoulder position was &#34;shorter&#34; (in height), which made Zoomer tip/lean towards the front left.<br /><br />Ratings are always subjective and in this case I have mixed feelings:  Because Zoomer malfunctioned and didn't work correctly, I'm giving  Zoomer a 1-star review.  However, I would give Zoomer 5-stars for innovation, user interface, and fun factor -- and I really hope that future Zoomer versions will become more dependable."
This batch were duds...only about half inflated.
"This is not an 80s bear.  This is one of the recent reboots, fix your listing.  You're misleading people."
Was  not what's I expected
Didn't glow
Bought this project as a family vacation fun creativity evening for 3 children. NOTHING HAS HAPPEND in 7 days. The kids we're so excited and nothing has happened. Very disappointed!!
This is the small 10 inch one. Really tiny and not what I thought I was getting.
"I chanced it, because it was so cute. The color is vibrant, and the little wand is indeed cute. But... Boppers on headband are flimsy, headband is uncomfortable, skirt is scratchy, and the worst part: the wings came apart within 2 days.. the actual wire came apart from the centerpiece, making it dangerous, and causing the webbing to come off one wing entirely. 2 days and it's trash. Ugh."
WAS NOT right battery...  even though it had same model number... CAREFUL
Stickers we peeling off and box was crumpled.  Very disappointed.
"ordered these for my 4 yr old grandson.  they came with NO instructions at all.  there was NO refill packs.  and when i filled them with water from the hose, they started to fall off, which was OK, but the rubber bands were not small enough to actually keep the water from just squirting right back out!!!  WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY!  my grandson was SO disappointed that we weren't even able to use them, or throw them!!!  not one of them was usable.  such a frustration, waste of energy, time AND money.  don't waste your time with this brand."
beads spill over side amd takes up way too much room!! this SUCKS
"My package arrived without the 3 Barbies, ski clothes and snow toys. The plastic snow cabin is cute, but I would not have paid nearly $60 for the cabin by itself."
"The glue was dried out when it arrived, so the lashes couldn't be attached. Very disappointing."
I bought 8 of these as decor for a military themed party and all 8 came back in the gray color. I didn't mind the variation of color but at least give me a variation. Now i have to spend the time painting these green and black to match the decor of the cake table.
I've had this bath toy organizer for one month and it has already began to fray on both sides of the bag at the top. It is still useable but I'm disappointed in the quality of the bag.
S***ty preorder and launch. Everything got mixed up with wrong displays wrong pictures. Be wary.
"I had an unfortunate experience with this pen the very first time it was used. Some of the material globbed onto the tip and hardened underneath it. When trying to take the tip off to clean it, the piece that the tip attachment screwed onto actually broke rendering the pen pretty much unusable anymore. Seems like there is a bit of a design issue still with this pen."
These aren't the real thing. Real Stetros are marked clearly with a star for thumb placement. These knockoffs are completely blank and it's confusing for students.
material made out of is  way too thin ..airs goes out very quickly ....
NOT LIKE PICTURE TO THICK
"Find this to be a very calming thing to watch, the colors are beautiful. Enjoy it very much. They do tarnish after awhile, but the battery does last a long time."
cheap only lasted a few hours then the air started leaking out through the blow up hole.
This is not an actual TY doll.  The quality was very poor.  I do no recommend this seller.
"As a single father of 4 I am on a fixed income and thought this was an inexpensive and beautiful gift for a friend.  I ordered July 9th.  It never arrived.  Even though something may be affordable, sellers should respect all buyers because some of us might have returned."
Bought for grandsons birthday. He was disappointed because the vehicle was too small.
"Very poor quality. Doesn't worth even a small amount of money. The pieces are tiny, thin, and poorly cut."
"Banner was folded oddly and more than it needed to be so now has huge wrinkles that I am not sure I can get out. Extrmely poor quality, feels like something would get at dollar store. Plus end cap on rod missing, but that doesnt matter since I will not hang this up. Picture of item posted here gives impression of being something much better."
"I would give this product zero stars, if i could.  I can't even get the batteries in the product- and judging from the other reviews, if I did manage to make the herculean effort needed to open it, I might even be rewarded with a product that doesn't work.  First of all, you need a screwdriver to unscrew a small screw in the side of the lens, AND THEN there is a &#34;Push tab&#34; (like on a prescription bottle) that you have to depress to get the lens cover to unscrew... I have tried every imaginable item in my house (to aid my apparently incompetent fingers) to get the Push tab to depress.  I can barely type right now for how injured my hands are.  This thing is ridiculous.  My daughter is screaming.  My son is happy- b/c the other M&D flashlight my MIL bought was like a NORMAL flashlight (Blaze Firefly Flashlight) and was easy to install the batteries (you just unscrew the top and place the batteries in).  Good luck. Buy something else."
"The item was cute however, the batteries inside came corroded so the toy never worked. It took me a while being a new mom to look at the batteries. So I suggest if you buy this item check the batteries."
Did not like at all since the stencil didn't come apart and without being able to remove the fabric top layer the glue/glitter don't work.
This puffed a few bubbles and just stopped. I was very disappointed because I purchased it for my daughter's birthday party and unfortunately that part was ruined
"I'm glad other people have had good results using this product. My bottle isn't filled with liquid, however. It is filled with a chunky, clumpy mess. This morning I tried to use it and it all came out in a moist clump. Picture posted as proof. This has happened with two other bottles I have had from Vallejo. They said they would send me a replacement, they never came."
"The tail wings are set at the wrong position, causing the plane to gap up, stall and nosedive.  They never made it past 8 feet or so....<br />Bad QA.  I do not recommend this product."
Arises broken. :(
Sank turns upside down. Not even good as a non powered toy
"I hate this doll.  The hair is really such a mess.  You can't really comb it.  My four year old daughter tried and literally within minutes of getting it out of the box, the whole thing was a tangled mess.  The quality of the hair was very thin and is really not the kind meant to be combed!  As a little girl, I owned a Barbie doll with longer hair that come with a brush and hair accessories.  It was a hand me down from my older sister and I was still able to play with the hair, make braids, etc.  I thought this would be similar, but it absolutely was not.  We own other Disney Princess dolls that my daughter loves to play with that have more or less remained in good condition.  I wish the people who made this doll actually tested it out!  Nice concept but does not work!"
"I sent this as a birthday gift to my grandson, and it did work at all.  Wouldn't even turn on.  Tried everything and finally returned it."
Broke within a week of using
the wristband popped after two days of wearing it.. smh i guess you get what you pay for
"Never again! My kids (2 and 5) love painting, but this is the worst paint ever (purchased on a whim without looking at reviews). It is so thin and runny that is literally flies everywhere. I had to give my kids a bath immediately after using this paint (it spread everywhere) and their skin is still stained. I dread finding out what the laundry is going to look like...Off to scrub my ENTIRE kitchen and start a load of wash. Paint it going in the trash!"
"too loud and cheap plastic thing, get the wood one instead"
I just received these today.  I was expecting to receive the 3 different zombies in the photo.  I wanted to display them at my grand daughters party.  Instead I received 3 of the purple guy.  Nowhere does it say that it might be 3 of one zombie.  This is very disappointing.  The party is in 2 weeks.  I don't have time to return them and order from somewhere else.  I think this is false advertising.
I loved this right out of the package. I gave it to my daughter and within the first 30 minutes a leg and arm fell off. They were easy to get back on the first couple of times but the arm no longer fits two days later. I'm really disappointment that this broke so fast. I do not recommend purchasing this toy.
Don't waste your money!
broke on 2nd use
I ordered this during the lightening deal.  Upon receiving the item I opened it and noticed all the pieces look used and many of them even have scratches that look like teeth marks.  Good thing I looked before giving as a gift...that would have been quite embarrassing! Very disappointed with the purchase.
WORSE PRODUCT EVER YOU SHOULD NOT SELL THIS PRODUCT 0 STAR
"I had a blast with this flyer, until the third day when I broke one of my propellers, but I thought it was okay because I had 4 extra that came in the box, I put the new one on and the flyer would nor fly because the new one did not work. So I replaced all the propellers and now it just spins, makes a bunch of noise and can't fly...I was not impressed and was a waste of money"
"I actually love the ball, but received a green ball instead of a pink one for which I paid extra because I wanted it for  a girl's baby shower."
The box was pretty much trash and the toy was slightly scuffed up from poor shipping
DO NOT BUY  Only steers through motor speed changes.
"Does not live up to description. No color lens. Blah tone. Oh, and anyone mention they are for small children!"
You get what you pay for. That is all. Cheap material.
"WARNING!!! We ordered this go-kart seat for a used go-kart we just bought, this seat was represented as an actual adult size seat, but to our dismay the seat was plastic and made for a model or small toy. And the details of black were stickers to place on the seat to make it look real. This was false representation, and we were very displeased with Amazon for letting this happen. All of the other parts, tires, and brakes were the real thing."
"Bottom piece of chair broke the first day when my niece sat down, not even 20 minutes after taking time to put it together. I don't know if it was her weight or just cheap material. I was able to order a replacement part (not a whole chair replacement) but that didn't work either. Bummer I wasted almost 50 bucks."
Horrible! Doesn't not glow
It was junk. Couldn't even get it put together. Do not recommend it for anyone.
Incredibly cheap toy. Not all the wheels turn some are fixed and the toy doesn't roll smoothly. In addition the cab can barely turn before hitting the trailer. So it doesn't turn and doesn't roll....really?  These weren't important qualities for a toy semi?
This looks like it has been opened and used already. The tape that was used to put it back together has come apart and the box is kind of smashed. This was supposed to be a part of a birthday gift but it will have to be returned now leaving me to go find another gift.
"So I bought this item as a gift for my nephew.  Upon arrival, I opened the item to make sure it was in proper working order... It was not.  Only one of the two crossbow arms would deploy (the watergun function was working properly).  I had to order an expedited replacement so that it would arrive in time for my nephew's birthday only to find that the replacement item had the SAME problem.  NOT cool Hasbro.  So far it's two for two.. I don't think I will go for yet another replacement item."
It didn't work it will not fit the model I ordered it for and it did not specify that in the ad or else I wouldn't have ordered it in the first place
Why is this so expensive????
My son always wanted to get this toy but when we bought it it came broken  we tried putting batteries in but it still wouldn't work.
"The gun shown on the picture is not the one I received,  my son was very upset he didn't get the rifle it came with some type of machine gun."
Can't wear it.
Two of the rockets didn't fly at all.  The one that did only went a few feet.  SOOOOOO disappointed as were our grandsons.  Save your money!
"Didn't come with what it should. Product defective, I would love to give it more stars, but yep."
I ordered this clip from another seller thinking that it would work with our Nerf guns but it doesn't fit any Nerf N-Strike Elite guns that we own.  The darts fit the clip but the shape of the clip is too wide and will not fit into the gun.
These were dead...no glow
These r recalled please do not purchase them we had to have all of our replaced
Terrible. They are not the brand bunch o balloons. They came from China. I would give a -5star rating if they would let me
I didn't like it
The fish came damaged & did not open using the ribbons!
I didnt like this becaue of its very very small size.
It stopped working after 5 days
"Product was below expections - we have purchased these before at Cracker Barrel and expected this to be the same.  Less powerful motor, disappointing"
"NOT Metal Earth. Am returning. This is a Chinese knockoff. Based on others' reviews of the Chinese version, I'm just returning it rather than getting irritated by something that's lower quality."
"These arrived and we filled them up for a kids birthday party. ONE HOUR later, we opened the cooler and all but 10 had fully emptied. Nothing better than a kids party with a water balloon fight scheduled and no balloons."
Not worth the money ..not sturdy ...don't buy
"not useful like expected ,so tiny"
Didnt work and I can't find my receipt to return it.
I must have a lemon set because it will not stay together whatsoever!
The guns are crap.  They leak from multiple places so you can't fill them and put them down anywhere. Useless to me.
Green and red play doh was hard.  Had to throw it in the garbage.
There is litterally only 5 stickers. I thought it was a pack full. But no.
So this is the stock battery that came with my traxxas and today after about 20 charges on the battery it started smoking and and melted the plastic casing after the run. I don't know how often this happens but watch out!!!!
"90% do not work.  The idea is good, and if you follow the directions the balloons fill nicely.  The bad part is that the rubber that seals the balloons if not effective.  Better go to Rite-Aid and buy the ones there; cheaper and better.  I would not buy these any more"
Broke first time it was used.
"i bought this product because my parents have it and i had so much fun with it, so i bought it for the house worming tonight. But price and discription was same as my parents but the product was much more smaller. if i wanted a smaller one i would have bought it with the cheaper price. so Thank you for ruinning my night."
picks are paper and won't hold up.  sent back
"My nine year old LOVES Nerf guns and saves his allowance to purchase them. We specifically ordered the blue gun as this was the one he had been saving for. Gun came in and it isn't blue. It doesn't sound like a big deal but when you save your allowance for a long time and you are nine...It's a big deal. It should state accurate color- the fact that the picture is blue is deceiving. The gun works, it's just not the point."
"Even though these weren't expensive, they weren't worth the price to me. Many of them were too smashed and raveled to use."
This product broke the first day of 11 month old baby was playing with it The screws came outof the battery area and it opened up the baby could've swallowed the screws the batteries a horrible horrible toy I expect much better from VTech
I'm VERY disappointed in this product. The mustaches on the front of the glasses are all smudged and look NOTHING like they should. Some lenses came scratched. It's obvious that these just sit in a huge stack and are tossed around. Save your money.
Sigh.  10pin won't fit without either rewiring the cable or bending pins on my KK. Thanks for wasting my time (and money).
"The picture shows a grill that looks real, the grill looks like it's side pieces are missing and the side pieces seem to hold the top on.<br />When you pick it up to move it the top comes off in your hands. There are two different grills shown on the buy it page, the flimsy looking one<br />(that's the one I got) and the bigger one, that's the one I ordered and didn't get. This is very cheaply made, not impressed! Bought this for my grandsons birthday, when you give something as a gift you don't take it back especially from a 4 year old, he loves it, I am very surprised at Little Tykes there products are usually good, they missed the mark with this grill."
Super small items. Was not easy to work with to make it all look nice and the dough wasn't even worth the money. Way too small. Sad disappointment for Christmas<br />.
"Did not have ty tag, was used,"
"Received today....does not look like the picture in having the basketball players on it....cheaply made....has oriental trading marked on the bottom of it, and the arcylic window was scuffed up. This is overpriced and would not buy again. On a positive note..... it works as expected, it will fit in a stocking, and it arrived quickly."
They are cheaply made and broke fast.
"This toy does not make any noises, which was pretty disappointing since it says it makes off road noises."
They break so easily.  Just a fad.
"My box didn't come with the white eraser pens. It was like someone returned it, took them, then I got their box."
"I say this as someone who has sweated putting together plenty of IKEA furniture (can there be any worse retail torture?) The quality of this barn is poor. The holes don't line up and the wood is flimsy, which are only two of the many frustrations. My 9-year-old saved her piggy bank pennies to buy this, which breaks my heart. The description on Amazon also said the barn comes with &#34;many barn accessories.&#34; She got two brown vinyl mats - no other accessories. She has her heart set on keeping it so I'm going against my better judgment and not returning it, but we will never buy another Breyer product again and I am just about done with Amazon, too (not to mention the article in the NYTimes about working conditions at Amazon, but that's a whole other negative review)."
The parasol that I received was not the one that was in the picture. I was very disappointed.
Terrible... Balloons did not get big enough to throw... Was not worth the $$.
I got the plane started putting it together. Notice it was mission parts. Everything on it is bent nothing lines up right. Half the stuff you need to know is not on the instruction. It doesn't tell you were to even put half the pieces. The foam glue won't hold the rubber fittings to the foam. There is extra parts it never tells you that you have left.
"Way too big with disproportionately sized blades. It's a helicopter but if you're in the hobby for fun AND great looking copters, this is not for you."
For babies
The magnets didn't work on the doll.  Very disappointed in this product!
Side seam under left arm was ripped. Very displeased.
Broke after only using once.  Fell apart
"I purchased this for my 7 year olds birthday. He was so excited to look at all his cards, until he came across TWO that were cut so that you couldn't even read the names. The other cards were all fine, but he was especially excited about these two only to find out that they aren't even useable. Don't waste your money. Next time I will pay the extra $5 and buy from Target."
How do they call it a cooler when the ice you put in it turns to water in 15 minutes. And an hour later everything has turned warm.
The rear bearing will not fit. This should have been a direct replacement for the stock 4x4 slash parts it is not.
"Not impressed at all, it's flimsy plastic that holds the trains together. All the metal pieces that hold the track together have been falling off left and right. It was a gift for my sons birthday and I'm completely displeased with the product."
"Real unhappy with it , had a bad reed inI it. I tried to fix and busted it into I don't feel anything else wrong with it other than that"
"Not good, they dont make em like they used to has never been truer, almost unbearable, couldnt really play the game as if u hover over a &#34;button&#34; it would sense that u &#34;pressed&#34; it, just no good, returned."
It might be a great game but disappointed that Prime member shipping does not apply
Very cheap
It flew great for about a week. Now it flies up about 1 foot off the ground and immediately veers to the side and crashes back down to the ground or into the nearest wall. No physical damage can be found on the helicopter to account for the lack of balance.
Too small  ...  NO  SIZE IN PRODUCT INFO  ... PHOTO INFERS  LARGER SIZE  ...  GRAND KIDS  CRIED .. OVER THE small SIZE ... very  unhappy  ....
"Horribly packaged, 6 of the 8 pencils arrived broken. The colors are so not representative of skin tones it's ridiculous."
"Does not light up or make sounds, cheap garbage."
Doesn't move or dance at all. Product looks different than the picture showed. The eyes blink went it should not be.
Poor quality control board.  Only was able to get 2 flights out of it before it would not power up anymore.  Tested the battery / charge circuit and they were both fine.  Not worth trying to replace the ESC board when the whole plane is only $19.<br /><br />The design of the plane is great though and I would pay more if the controller board was better quality.
String broke 2 days.
This one wasn't stuck well in the camera. It keeps falling out of the camera. It is not good for protection!!
Horrible. Deflate immediately. So disappointed.
"The matching game is not suitable for children, the characters are evil looking.  I sent it back and bought a Curious George match game, my 4 year old grandson."
One of the batteries wont take a charge
"Looked old and used ,did not like"
This arrived on time however it is in terrible condition. One birds wing was hanging off. Glue everywhere... its terrible. DO NOT BUY & WASTE YOUR MONEY!!! Its a glorified dollar store black bird....
Worked for approximately 5 minutes.
"Not a fan.  I read the other reviews, and decided that I would take the chance.  Ours had a slow leak like so many others.  Since it wasn't an actual &#34;hole&#34;, it couldn't be patched, and while it was fun to play in, I would recommend [[ASIN:B000FNTGZC Ice Cube Fun Float 49&#34; Square]] instead.  We had one (until my 3 year old took scissors to it, my own fault) that lasted an entire Arizona summer, monsoon season, and 2 rowdy boys.  It never had to be patched, etc.  This Water Wheel got re-inflated repeatedly until it wouldn't even last through a swim session at all.  Then it went in the trash."
sucks
Wrong section! I type in toys for 8 year old girls for my daughter. I'm trying to do birthday and Christmas shopping. What if she was looking through this?! Then it says &#34;not for children under 3 years old&#34;. This is not for children period! Disgusting!!!!!
"I'm very pissed off with this I bought this brand new and it was not brand new it was a used one i got it for my siblings and we got it today I open it up and the screen glitches out, turns off by itself (while trying to set it up) and when I went to check the batteries and one had exploded...I would just keep your moiney"
Garbage. It never worked. DOA.
"Game states age 6 and up. Really?!? The jist of game is based on clue giver giving one word clue. I can only assume you MAKE up your own clue based on the movie and answer provided. If you aren't familiar with the Disney movie, or it's characters how are you supposed to make up a clue? My husband got movie Beauty and the Beast answer Gaston. He had no idea who Gaston was. lol Curse words were uttered blasting the creator of this game. No idea how a six year old could play this game with ease. We chucked idea of playing the game within five minutes. My 11 year old daughter said the good reviews on game were likely written by Amazon seller. lol"
Did not work
Junk
"Just got this in and it was broken... not even worth the few dollars that you pay for it. very disappointed, wish I could give 0 stars"
it flipping over in the water
"Very disappointed in these.  I ordered 4 different ones expecting them to be the same quality of one I had seen that a co-worker had.  He said he got his about 20 years ago from a friend.  HIS animal magnet was made of a very sturdy, thick velour like material.  HIS had very big magnets in the feet so that you could actually stand it up and position the animal in different standing positions.  THESE animals are made of a very cheap almost furry shammy like material.  WAY too flimsy to have the legs actually support the creature in any meaningful positions.  The magnets are very small in the feet and there is one in the chest.  You would think this would be a good thing but the legs are so flimsy that the magnets keep pulling the legs into the chest.  CHEAP CHEAP and way too expensive for that!!!  For the price I was expecting the quality of the one my co-worker showed me.  If I had paid .99 cents for these I would have kept them, but at $5.00 or $6.00 each???  NOPE.  They look much higher quality in the pictures than they actually are."
great idea but the roll we got was kinda dented so i would not describe it as a roll however it was a clever gift if it doesnt show up damaged
These things peeled off within 2 hours!
A waste of money. Lousy bounce/skip
"DO NOT PURCHASE!  Buying this EATV has been a very frustrating experience from a product and customer service standpoint. The bottom line is that the ATV simply doesn't run. While the incredibly hard to read assembly instructions resembled a faxed copy of a fax, and were for an entirely different model, the electrical system needed very little assembly other than adding a fuse and charging the battery. That being said, the quad I purchased for my son's birthday simply never worked.  I attempted to contact the manufacturer numerous times, and was directed through what seemed to be a scheme to deceive and misdirect. I was given phone numbers that went to answering machines with full mailboxes (I envisioned an empty warehouse with a lone constantly ringing telephone on the floor), and email responses providing me alternative emails to contact, with the words &#34;email address removed&#34;.  At the end of the day, I have a birthday present that is defective, and a very disappointed 6 year old!  I'd be more than happy to update this review if the manufacturer would attempt to respond or make this right, but am not holding my breath. At this point, I can only warn others.  DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!"
It's a good idea for a toy but it stopped working after 3 weeks. Tried changing the batteries and it still didn't work.
These arrows are very flimsy. They do not meet our expectations.
"I don't recommend buying products from DuneCraft.. Sometimes they germinate, mostly they don't though, and I'm a pretty experienced gardener..."
"Very poor quality, kids didn't want to play with it. A lot of static when trying to find a station and while music is playing. It is hard to find any stations at all. I ended up buying a better one and throwing this one away"
"Very disappointed by this item. The cards are thin and flimsy, the  pictures are garish, and the primera  values are not printed on the cards. The Scopa  game from Brybelly Holdings / Winning Moves is much nicer, you just have to wait for it to be on sale at a good price. The only good thing about the Pressman game is that the score sheets are more user friendly, otherwise it's just plain cheap."
Could be stronger
"No bling on my bling dominos, extremely disappointed!"
I had bought a cascading water and sand box and I bought this sand as it says safe for kids. This was the only new thing the kids were playing with that I brought into my home and first my nephew and then my son got hand foot and mouth disease a very painful virus (look it up) so after dealing with that  I threw the sand away and now I'm afraid of bringing in sand from another place...so I personally had a bad experience so I have to give it a bad review.
Duplicates as well as scrapers.  Not 100% authentic as described.  If you want the real pins just buy at the Disney parks.
Very small
I really hate it!  Mine didn't even come with the box.  Looks cheap; like something you would get out of a gumball machine.  Was meant to be a really cool and neat stocking stuffer.  Very disappointed!  This was a complete waste of money given the price.
"Despite my admiration of the educational concept of the product (which is not bad,actually), my child would start hysterically crying when I tried to introduce him to this toy. When it moved, it was slow and loud. Bottom line.If freaked my kid out,so I had to return it. I was excited about the idea of my child learning about the world, different continents through such a creative way, using the controller (stick), watching pilot flying across the globe,but the noises that the toy made turned out to frighten him, so he didn't really care about any other features of the toy."
I it arrived today and was torn
the quality of the cup didn't  match my expectation
Box came with dinged corners and no amazon exclusive sticker for my amazon exclusive pop! Glad all my past amazon exclusives came as advertised and without damaged packaging
"as some other reviewers mentioned, the wheels will not turn no matter what surface it is on.  I can barely turn them with my hands.  luckily, my grandson received two more of these for his first birthday.  the other two came from walmart and worked perfectly."
"Piece of junk. I thought it would be a fun novelty, and it would be, if it worked."
Broke the neck! It is useless.
feathers everywhere! Very low quality.
"We received this product as a gift.  The sealed package contained the contents of a Doc McStuffins Memory Match game - not Frozen.  My 2-year-old daughter was sorely disappointed.  Buyer beware - you may, or may not receive the correct contents of the game.  Looks like the people in the warehouse should play 'match' games more."
"This is the worst quality toy I have ever seen. You can tell it is probably made of the most toxic plastic...Really not great. The tools are not as bad as the belt, though. The belt is almost sharp the plastic is so stiff and thin...<br /><br />And the shape of the hat isn't really appropriate for a human head. Maybe baby's head is just too round, though. =\"
did not arrive with amazon exclusive sticker as photos shown when it was bought
This is the cheaper quality of the devices used to charge multiple phantom batteries.  Don't get this one!  It is not regulated like the others.
send back for a refund
"This really is a POS, but for $0.99, what do you expect?  I got it for the converter cables.  At least they seem to work.  The charging hub, on the other hand, is as flaky and poorly connected/wired as other reviews have discussed."
Not up to the mark. Very low quality product
"I was disappointed with this product.  It is not deep enough.  When I put the tiles in the plastic bag, it was too big for the bag.  I was not able to close the zipper.  I had to find two smaller bags for the tiles."
"Worked pretty well for about a year, then became really slow and things were hard to find (menus, etc.).  Reformat did not help.  The kids no longer play with it any more."
toy broken
This product for some reason didn't work as well as it shows in the pictures. The pigment didn't show clearly on the hair and we tried two different hair sprays on this product.
junk. I know it's just a cute prop gun for a Halloween costume but it fell apart the first time my kid pulled the trigger. i had to glue it back together.
Not what I expected. But my 1 yr old loves it so that's all matter
This was a five pack and I only got 1 container
All crayons were broken when they arrived
"I want to give it 5 stars but got 4 bad ones in a row. First one the figure was fine but the accessory had a deformed peg. Second one, the jaw of 1 head biological head kept falling off. Third one, jaws of 2 biological heads kept falling off. Fourth one, jaws and necks of biological heads kept falling off. Tried attaching them back together but for they won't stay on if you want to move it which is very frustrating especially for the price of the figure. This figure lacks quality control. A very disappointing entry to this wonderful series. The sculpt is great and the figure has lots of articulation, nice accessories. If the joints held together better like the initial releases, this would have been a fantastic release. I own almost every SHMA figure, standard Bandai, X-Plus, and NECA figure. I am hoping Tamashii and Bluefin will consider improving the QC on their next release (in hopes there are an actual new figure instead of a repainted reissue). I will give Mecha-King Ghidorah another shot, in hopes I will get one that doesn't fall apart... If you are a casual collector, I'd recommend skipping this release."
"The cables on the steering wheel snapped the first day. They did replace it for us, but now the car speaks in Chinese. You can't really see the lights outside, unless you drive it in the dark. The battery doesn't last even 30 min. One of the red threads on the tires is loose, now and my son has used the car not more than 20 times. I would not recommend it for you child. Also it is supposed to be for kids up to 7 years, but my son's legs are way over the wheel and he just turn 4. I think he will not fit in it in 6 months. Looks really nice on the picture, but not that nice when you get. And will not fit a second child at all"
got the wrong packs inside the tin<br />was supposed to be black and white packs<br />but got xy packs<br />thought its was ok but then i open them and<br />got terrible cards so thinking someone repackage<br />this tin
I am very disappointed with this product. I purchased multiple kits and each package is either missing a vital component or contains pieces that are the wrong size (too small/large). A real waste of money - I won't purchase again!
"Disappointed with this figure! The waist is WAY bigger than the stomach/back area, so it doesn't look good. Plus there is a big space between the waist & the stomach/back. Shocked that this quality passed to put in pack & sell."
Fake don't buy
Popped the first time we played with it
"Very disappointed, ordered a 2nd 12-pack, 3 weeks apart, and received the exact same shopkins. Very upset child... and because she didn't realize that they were ALL the same until after she opened it, we cannot return them."
The picture shows 2 necklaces but the order only includes 1. Very misleading. I was expecting to get 2 and when I received the 1 in the mail I realized that you also do not get a choice of which of these you want. If i had known it was only one i woild not have bought it.  I also would have prefered the blue Elsa one but recieved the pink one.
"I wish i could rate zero stars, this is a display piece i hoped to present in its packaged condition, however i noticed the actual hairpiece was missing so i opened the box, sure enough the ponytail part is missing and was not included. Such an inconvenience to pay full price for an incomplete product."
"This is essentially a few sheets of shiny paper and some sticker sheets. The box falls apart easily, which makes it hard to store the stickers in the box and because the sheets are separate they eventually just get lost. After my daughter played with this a few times I had to throw it away."
I only got one flight out of my plane. There was no apparent damage in that flight but upon charging the plane for the second time it would no longer turn on. I might have returned it for another one but I was pretty disappointed in the flight characteristics of the plane during that maiden flight. Seemed under powered and prone fly in a similar pattern. Additional flights may have changed my mind but I'll never know. Amazon return was a breeze.
I rode this thing into a river and it stopped working. Its junk
"i got broke in less than 3 minutes, and the child dint even touch it..."
Cheap
"not really loaded dice, it is a magic trick with the box and dice.  Going to keep the dice, only because I wanted a pair of the smaller ones with the red dot as the one spot."
Extremely over priced.
I thought I ordered the Ivory one too...but when it arrived it was bright red. I would have preferred to get the Ivory. any way to switch? I still have the original packaging etc...
"This item was too small.  It was even smaller than my 3 year old nieces crown for her birthday party.  Since this was for a 50 year old, didn't think the size would be doll like size.  Very dissapointed as was not able use for my sister's birthday."
This hat didn't look like the picture. It isn't really possible to wear as well. It pretty much just sits on the top of your head. Luckily it wasn't very expensive. Very disappointed. Hopefully the pictures I put up will help people save their money.
We ordered this as a gift for a birthday party.  We intended to be giving a larger sized plush since it lists the size in the description.  It clearly says it is 12&#34; from the front to the back paw.  It is actually 7'.  Measuring this from the nose to the tip of the tail still would still not get you to 12&#34;.  It is cute but very poorly described.  We would never have purchased this if it had been correctly described.
Love the float chair for the day or so that it last's....but I've bought 2 of them now & the seat tore within a few days...and I am not a big person or do I let kid's rough house with it...if they had a better way of attaching the seat it would be GREAT!!
The safety belt popped out of the back when my one year old granddaughter was swinging and she almost fell out. I was so frightened. The belt is a very unsafe design! This seat needs to be recalled and the belt needs to be replaced with a safer version.
Total junk.  Sending back.  I should have known the minute I saw the crushed paper thin cardboard box it was in.  Dollar store stuff. Very disappointed.
Yes just purchased a set of the rc rims they say for rc anyway and went to get tires for them and my local hobby shop said there is no way to glue them on because there is not a lip big enough to do so.so I went to another hobby shop for a second opinion and got the same results now I payed $80 for the set and I can't return then I'm sure because I painted them to match my truck so this is just a heads up to other potential buyers don't buy them they don't work
DOES NOT LOOK LIKE WHAT'S SHOWN IN THE PICTURE
"Purchased Bubble machine and wands did not rotate, Returned and received a new one and same thing is wrong with it. The fan works but the wands do not rotate. Is there a second switch that I am not seeing???"
Fell apart into each individual piece in less than a week.
I order the brotherhood of steel Funko<br />N i received the super mutant Funko from the same series..my order was changed as well...<br />Bad experience
COMPLETE CRAP
These do not look as good in person.
"This puzzle is very aggravating, and not because it is difficult.  The material is very cheap; it feels like it is made from recycled toilet paper tubes.  The edges are cut very poorly.  Pieces have to be forced together and many have frayed edges.  I thought it would be fun to finish but it is already back in the box."
DON'T BUY.
They must have ran out and sent me a bottle of water. Hardly no smell at all. Waste of $$$
Smells absolutely toxic. Not worth the hassle of the return but whatever chemical they put on these ropes should be prohibited. This cannot be healthy anywhere near a child!
"When I attempted to register for the website, it didn't work. I contacted customer service and received this response:<br /><br />Hello Amy,<br /><br />Thank you for your interest in Smarty Ants Reading World. Unfortunately, we are discontinuing home accounts until further notice.<br /><br />Please let me know if you have any questions.<br /><br />Thanks again and have a great day!<br /><br />Wishing you the best in reading achievement with Smarty Ants Reading World,<br /><br />Daniel Navarro<br />Customer Service<br />Smarty Ants Inc.<br />877-905-ANTS (2687)<br /><br />This singing dog is kind of useless without the learning website. My four year old, however, does not understand that an won't let me send it back. Don't make the same mistake I did."
"I don't get this game. It's like regular Jenga, but much worse. Instead of wood, the blocks are made of cheap, light plastic. Instead of stacking the pieces on a flat surface, you have to use the platform and cough up 3 AA batteries for it to work. To play, you stack the blocks like you would with Jenga, play like regular Jenga, but the platform will randomly vibrate and this causes the blocks to slightly shift position. It's more annoying than anything because the rules state that 5 seconds after your move you are responsible for the tower. So you could do a perfect move, the vibration could then start and knock the tower down and you would be responsible.  Eh. Just buy regular Jenga, which is a tried and true simple game and you'll be happier for it."
It broke as soon as we started filling it up with helium very disappointed for the price you pay it was a very special day for my son very disappointed
These are not worth the money.  Who ever wrote the good reviews must of got different juggle bubbles then me.  They pop instantly the second you touch them and also pop while you are trying to blow them.  These are just regular bubbles.  These are frustrating and disappointing.
"I THOUGHT THIS UNIFORM CAME WITH THE SWORD PICTURED, BUT UNFORTUNATELY IT DID NOT ARRIVE.  I'M NOT SURE WHY THIS ONE WOULD COST MORE IF THERE IS NO SWORD."
Broke after only a few shots. Mechanism is complicated seems to be fragile and flimsy. Not solid at all.  Needed to return it to Amazon almost immediately as the mechanism jammed and couldn't remove the magazine.
"There is nothing special about this tiny lego piece so I cannot figure out why the big price!!! Very unhappy with this purchase and I would return it if my 10 year old grandson was not so happy with this &#34;toy&#34;, which I think should be classified as a collector item and NOT sold as a toy."
My son uses it. Nice item to feel cool.
WAAAAAAY too much time to pump air into it & take air out of it.
My 10 year old daughter actually saved up her money and purchased it. It worked for about one day then the needles broke and it stopped working. She wasn't using it incorrectly or using it too rough. There doesn't seem to be any replacement parts. My daughter is very broken up because the needles broke and there is no clear way to fix it.
"horrible quailty, very cheaply made, and had to return it.  Customer service was understanding and easy to work with, and made the refund relatively smooth. Would not buy again, and would tell everyone to stay clear of this cornhole set!"
Did not realize these were adult socks
1 star was generous. ...batteries were corroded and wings fell off. Looked cute but epic fail!
Fake.  Plain and simple.  Do not buy.
It was cheaply made the package had been open just wasn't very happy with it
Do not buy!!! When I received this it looked like another dog had already used it and the &#34;fur/hair&#34; was falling out everywhere!
No English instructions provided.  Cannot use product.
These are the junk cards they cant sell off without them being in bulk...
i had to take this think the store to be blown up...WT?
very cheap made
"I was very disappointed when I received these and they looked nothing like the picture. The picture shows light green/purple/pastel-colored butterflies, and clear packaging. I got dark colored butterflies and bright red packaging. I also tried flying them but with very little success, most just nose-dived. Very disappointed but I guess that's why they are fairly cheaply priced."
Broke on the first day.  The straps
"The car broke after two uses and although we were able to get a replacement, it broke again.  After one replacement I was not able to return the second one.  For the price of the car I thought it would be more durable."
Confetti is right small as heck. Not worth $
This table looked so cute but it arrived damaged two times so I'm not going to reorder anymore.
"Pointless, no seat back to help them push the pedals. Poor design. My 2yr old barley can use it."
"The truth is, they were a complete waste of money and absolutely did not meet our expectations. My kids planned a birthday party and we were having 19 kids over at our house. We filled the balloons up about 2 hours before the party. At the time we filled them up, only one or two per bunch did not fill. By the time the party started, we only had about 22 balloons out of all of them. The rest leaked and were no good. The other thing to note is that the balloons when filled are small compared to normal water balloons. You need to tell people these are for immediate use. I would never buy these again!<br /><br />Disappointing to say the least not to have the water balloon activities at their party."
Super cheap the clasp broke in 3 days after I received it. Disappointed because it was super cute.
did not realize the size was too small
Stitching could have been tighter and it doesn't work... It doesn't talk or have a place for you to get to the box to figure out what's wrong.
really cheap quality.  all three of the hats I ordered arrived crushed and the felt was so thin there really was no way to fix them and make them look good.<br />The return and refund process was smooth.
"Very disappointed in the wood frame. There was no slot to put it in. They gave tacks to just lay it on the back and fasten. Rough texture, will have to sand myself before staining. Will never purchase again!"
"Very disappointed in this item. It came with a cracked base, and the middle battery keeps popping out, even with the battery compartment screwed shut.  After 2 nights of use the only light that is working is the red one.  I read that colors can be selected. This is NOT the case. There is only an on and off switch. It also does not rotate.  My daughter is in love with her &#34;special light&#34; and I don't want to have to buy another one."
"This is the second one we have ordered, it was a replacement for the first one (a birthday present) which broke after about a week. This one was not working from the start, but the girl had been so excited to finally get a new one that it wasn't returned. Also ordered a purple one but the one that arrived was yellow. Extremely dissatisfied."
The trigger stuck on this thing the first time we used it
No
"OMG!! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!! It was cheap, kept breaking, stiffy, and had a horrible paint job!!"
"This set includes 40 blocks with the following dimensions: Eight large red blocks (12&#34; x 6&#34; x 3&#34;), eight medium blue blocks (6&#34; x 6&#34; x 3&#34;), and 24 small yellow blocks (6&#34; x 3&#34; x 3&#34;). In other words, the large blocks are twice the size of the mediums, which are twice the size of the smalls. Taken together, you're buying the equivalent of 18 large blocks for $36 (including shipping). That's $2 per large block---although most of them are actually smaller blocks that are a pain to build with.<br /><br />OK, now check out Mondo Bloxx, also on Amazon (see link below). You get FORTY blocks the exact same size as the large Melissa and Doug blocks for---are you ready---$42. That's $1.05 per block, barely half the price of the M&D blocks. Plus they're all large, so much better for building, and actually sturdier. (I know because I stupidly bought the M&D blocks first, without doing any comparison shopping.)<br /><br />Melissa and Doug make great products. But in this case they're totally ripping you off. Get Bloxx instead:<br /><br />http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00COVGRZ0?psc=1&redirect=true&ref_=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00"
I would give this zero stars if I could.  My 4 year old got this for her birthday and it doesn't work.  I put brand new batteries in and it doesn't do anything.  I bought a replacement today and it also doesn't do anything.  No wonder they are clearanced out at Walmart!  Don't buy this.
"Really tiny chess set, poorly made"
"The jaw harp sent was not as pictured. I've owned many jaw harps over the years, and the design pictured has always given the best sound. The jaw harp sent to me was not this design, but rather a much cheaper one that is hardly audible when played. If you are looking for a usable jaw harp, this is not the right one. If you are looking for a toy for your young kid, by all means order this one, because there won't be a sound coming out of it."
not what I'm expect
"This is 80% cheap plastic, I thought it was diecast.  Tried to return item but the seller was going to charge me $6.00 to return item."
i want to return these products i brought the wrong case for the innotab 3S
Item came as expected; that's where my pleasure with this product ended. Went to a Party store to have it inflated and they informed me after inflating the rest of Elmo that there was no bladder insert for the head. The parts that were able to be inflated stayed inflated for less than 2 hours. The product did not come with the weights for the feet and the overall quality was disappointing. This was ordered for a 2yo b-day party so there was no time to replace or get a refund. It went immediately to the trash.<br /><br />*Also inflating a balloon this size at a store costs more than the product!!! Beware!!!
"Disappointed, No matter how much you wind it, it only goes a couple of inches.  :-("
Please dont waste money in buying this product as it does not fit Hubsan Nano Q4 H111 .. it is a waste of money
This is the second one if there's I have got and they are junk they work for a few days then the wheels stop moving
&#34;Set&#34; of 28 is VERY misleading. I was not expecting to receive only one pad of sticky notes!
"We threw away all the stress balls, as these were poorly put together balloons leaking what I would assume to be flour all over the place. when we opened the box, there was powder every where. Most of the balls we picked up had holes where the yarn (hair) was. Complete waste of money."
I would like to give it 0 stars.  My daughter wasn't able to create a monster because the thing wouldn't print.  We tried numerous different devices to ensure the specifications were right.  Extremely difficult to put together.  Horrible toy.
Worst ever only worked right once
The toy stopped lighting up after two weeks. :l
It doesn't allow enough room for the amount of playdoh needed to grow the hair and then the doh gets stuck inside the wholes. Not fun at all company replaced it for me for something else
Worst purchase I have ever made
shot glasses came stacked on top of one another so tight that more than half were broken.
This arrived loose & unwrapped in a large box.  It is paper and the corners are turned up like it has been used.  It is low quality and most certainly not able to be used as a gift.
Piece of junk fell apart immediately.
When I got the figure the box was already open i didt think anything happen after I open the box then I realize there were a lot of parts missing and I was upset because I paid 30 dollars for this figure the same price as a never open oo qaunta 😡
Expensive for just being a 6 feet roll of common sticker decal.  Better off driving to Office Depot and buying a 12 feet roll for 4.99.<br />Don't purchase if you plan on sticking to sheetrock!!!<br />Package didn't have any chalks included as it is specified!
LOOKS GOOD ON THE SITE BUT  NOT GOOD QUALITY SHOULD HAVE BOUGHT A SET THAT COST MORE FOR QUALITY.  DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.
"It looks like a great idea, but the children (8 & 9 years old)  I gave them to looked at it, then went to play with something else."
Broke the first day.
No range on the remote. Car just spins in circles. Not worth the low price.
"Don't own it; wouldn't ever consider buying it. There is real life, horrible animal abuse going on somewhere every single day. We certainly don't need a &#34;game&#34; that makes light of this abuse. Get rid of it, Amazon"
Don't buy this toy.  It repeats hey sexy lady over and over.  Completely inappropriate for a child's toy.  There is no option to turn the song off.
"Not what I expected, stickers not on the cubes"
"Lasted about 15 minutes before a motor burned out.  Let the motor cool, plugged battery back in resulting in a transformer meltdown that stunk up the house.  Avoid this product."
"I wanted to love this little guy, but sadly once we opened the package it was clear I hated it. It is so cheaply made that my kids will destroy this vacuum in one, maybe two days of normal play. It had a dead battery upon opening and is small. Do not waste your money on this...I wish I would have."
"These hats should not be advertised as also working for the &#34;average adult.&#34; These are definitely for small children (unless our bachelorette group of girls just have abnormally large-sized heads?). The hats came on time, as expected, but some of them had small spots on them that looked like either oil or water stains, and they all had lots of excess thread hanging off of them. I would not order these again."
"When we first got this product my kids really enjoyed it.  Unfortunately, the base started leaking air immediately after the first inflation.  I was unable to locate the source of the problem, but we were able to use it if I re-inflated it before each use.  The set also came with three swords and three shields.  One shield and one sword had leaks upon receipt and we were never able to use them.  I contacted Swimline to ask for a replacement base and they never got back to me.  I don't expect these products to last more than one season, but this didn't even make it through the first day.  This is my last Swimline product."
"VERY GLASSY FOR MY SON TO PLAY AND HE IS 7 YEARS OLD,"
Piece of junk!  The battery will not even charge so we haven't been able to get it to work. I bought this for my sons birthday and now I am 3 days past the return window so I just threw my money away this item. Very disappointed.
Just received this baby in the mail. Her face is adorable but her hair would have been better left off. It looks terrible. Definitely not worth the $130+ $15 shipping through post office.
Zipper broke upon arrival! I will be returning this for a full refund
"Very small!  Not good for beach play, fell apart very easily.  Very cute looking."
"The following is bad news for scalpers who are selling this set for 3-4 times its original price and good news for everyone else out there. Lego had decided to re-release this set as 10249 Winter Toy Shop for $80. It will be available for Lego VIPs on September 16, 2015 and October for the rest of the public. This re-release will also set a precedent for the rest of the retired Lego sets that are being scalped out there. What it means is that Lego is willing and will re-release retired sets if there is a strong demand. Thank you Lego for demonstrating the spirit of Christmas with this re-release. Lego sets are meant to be played with and being enjoyed instead of being scalped and hoarded."
Way to small to use for anything and NOT easy for a child to use and priced way to high for what you get. I gave to good will....
"Horrible box was all taped up, with more than half the parts missing"
Its really fun for a week and then it starts to loose its magnetic field... Not worth it
I paid $30 for this ball that lasted three hours in my house I told the kids it won't pop so they stab it with a pin smh
"These things lasted like, 2 weeks. The kids forget them in the pool, they get sucked into the strainer, clog the flow and get ripped to shreds. They aren't even fun to play with, there are just balls that hold water and splash a bit when they hit something. When we're in the pool, the only thing to hit is each other's faces...which is an issue."
Very poor quality. Toy was not working at all.
"Bought this as a gift for my 6 y/o birthday. It came broken. The tail is supposed to &#34;click&#34; in the back and when you push the button it pops out. This one didn't. So, we sent it back to Amazon and promptly received another. Same story, the tail does not &#34;click&#34; into the back so now we have a tail less dragon. My six y/o asked not to send it back again. So, don't waste your money unless you are OK with getting a broken product."
Very unhappy.. Half were broke or had holes. Children were very disappointed.
Disappointed as I was expecting larger Lego pieces. Thought the junior  size for age 4 might be smaller than duplo but larger than regular Legos. Small pieces were difficult for a four year old even with  supervision .
Like something you'd win at a carnival...not good quality.
"Batteries die very quickly, unless it is shut off. Poor steering."
"No instructions! Useless piece of crap, wrong color too. I wish i read the review before ordering. If there was instructions i will not even complain because at least i can try to make it look like one. The shipment took 59yrs!! Lol what a big joke. I will take a picture later and add on this comment"
This is the CANADIAN version of the game.  A huge portion of the questions in all categories have to deal with Canada.  I'm not trying to downgrade Canada but not being from there its hard to know these very region specific questions and the game seems unfair.  More than anything about half of the questions we encountered in 2 categories (they renamed them from Classic Trivia Pursuit but I think they are called Arts and then Entertainment now) had to deal with Canada.  &#34;What CBC radio host did THIS in the 1970s?&#34;  Who knows?<br /><br />For Americans or quite frankly any non Canadian this is NOT the version for you.
It is horrible! Hard to put it together cause it is made so cheap!
"This item was missing the globe top, and is much smaller than depicted. Overpriced And a poor value."
Got this for my girls to play with. Maybe I didn't read it right but this toy is extremely small!!! Even for the price it is tiny. Will probably... nope will end up having to buy a bigger BETTER one very soon.
"Very disappointed in these.  I ordered 4 different ones expecting them to be the same quality of one I had seen that a co-worker had.  He said he got his about 20 years ago from a friend.  HIS animal magnet was made of a very sturdy, thick velour like material.  HIS had very big magnets in the feet so that you could actually stand it up and position the animal in different standing positions.  THESE animals are made of a very cheap almost furry shammy like material.  WAY too flimsy to have the legs actually support the creature in any meaningful positions.  The magnets are very small in the feet and there is one in the chest.  You would think this would be a good thing but the legs are so flimsy that the magnets keep pulling the legs into the chest.  CHEAP CHEAP and way too expensive for that!!!  For the price I was expecting the quality of the one my co-worker showed me.  If I had paid .99 cents for these I would have kept them, but at $5.00 or $6.00 each???  NOPE.  They look much higher quality in the pictures than they actually are."
Too lightweight
"Terrible quality.  They constantly have feedback.  The range is about 20 feet.  When you talk, it's hard to hear the person on the other end because of all the static.  These are crap."
"I followed the instruction very carefully, but can't connect with my iPhone (even after I updated the latest IOS.<br />Help!!!!"
I received these bags today and they are so camouflaged that 5 out of the 12 bags you couldn't even see the drawstrings.  They were defective and had no drawstring at all.  They were all the same color green and made of nylon.  None of them were made of cotton like the description said.  They had a lot of loose thread on every bag.  It seemed pretty poorly constructed.  I am sending it back.  There are several vendors for this product and I received my from ToyVendor.
"Wish I could give this better reviews but where is the detail in the mold?<br />I will have to take a picture of ice later so you can see what I mean.<br />I was so disappointed, was looking forward to this mold, but it doesn't have the detail to make it a great addition for a Star Trek fan."
For $80 definitely the worst buy ever.<br />it's way to small and height wise aswell ....<br />the case over the ring is all plastic ... you would think atleast for $80 it's be glass.<br />worst buy and if it wasn't a gift for someone I'd return it right away.
"What I received was a bootleg, and I'm disappointed. No Toei sticker, and the figure was discolored."
All it takes to leak is small drop. My son dropped the water gun to the ground then started to leaks. The fall is like less than 3 feet from his hands. Cheap product!
"Bought these toy when my grandson born almost two years, never open until yesterday, came broken can't believe , I was so excited for my grandson speak Portuguese, now must be to late to return, I will love to get another but afraid going to came the same way,,<br />Maria"
I bought this Pop Vinyl Spiderman for my little cousin for his birthday. It came today completely covered in this black stuff. It was slimey and I tried to wipe off the black and it wouldn't come off. I'm very disappointed because now I have to send it back and buy it from somewhere else.
We used these for my kids soccer game. We filled them up right before we left and drive for 15 mins and half were empty..... No where on the package does it say &#34;must use within 10 mins&#34; it was the shortest water balloon fight ever
"This is pure crap. The 50's called and they want their plastic fighting cowboys and Indians back, not to mention the Little Black Sambo coloring pages.  I would sooner give the Bag of Glass that Dan Akroyd hustled on a classic SNL skit than many of the items found in this pack. Do what I ended up doing, go to Dollar World and buy the packs of glow in the dark spiders and snakes, and assorted other items, granted not high quality stuff, but miles above the quality level in this pack and a way better value."
I did not receive the bonuses promised to make a complete set
Terrible. Came warped.  Could not put this together.  Very disappointed. Would not recommend.
Love Jack Vale and his videos but this product after 2 days already has a gash in the side of it. If you really want a pooter buy at least 5 because they don't last very long.
"Got it out flew it once till the battery went dead. went to plug it in to charge, and it won't charge at all. So I say it sucks. Was fun to fly for the 2 minutes but just wish it would charge!!!!:("
Keeps going under water and move with other boats signal and signals are differant
This is not good . It does not float in water at all .
"Came with a hole in it out of the box, not the floatiest of floats"
It's a piece of crap $1.00 plastic toy.  Not a microphone.
Terrible
My son received this as a birthday gift. Terrible quality and the hat was dirty as if it had been used. It will be going in the garbage soon. Wish I could return it but we don't have the packaging slip.
This item arrived with the boards that support the toy on the bottom warped. When I sat it on a flat surface it wobbled back and forth. It is expensive for the size and quality.
Puzzle pieces not logical and cut in a really obscure way.  My toddler daughter loses interest as a result
"These scissors are cute, but essentially useless.  The blades are plastic and cannot cut through paper. I bought these with the intention of expanding my toddlers fine motor skills, but she just got frustrated when they didn't work. I had difficulty getting the scissors to work."
"Great shape and very comfortable, looks great, but slow leak right out of the box.  It's useless a few days after each inflation and it's now in the garbage."
😡😡😡😡
It was what I wanted but the Legos do not stick on it. I'm very disappointed after spending $25 for this
"This toy has shown up broken 2 times now, I have to send this one back and I just want my money back. My son used his money that he worked hard for and he is autistic and when it was a crappy made toy he was crushed and then the second one came and he was so mad! I would not recommend this toy to anyone it deserves a 0!"
Bought a english card but it came in spanish. Thanks a lot. I'm lucky that it didn't come in japanese.
No offense but it was bad ripped right of the bat.
too small even for the smaller children
Too big
Ordered these black fairy wings. They arrived in hot pink.  Hot pink is not even an option when buying them.  Label on package says &#34;black fairy wings&#34;
The boxes were too small
the color I got is definitely not what is pictured. it's almost a purple instead of a light pink. it also feels so cheap like it came from the dollar store
This is nothing more than garbage. There is nothing &#34;perpetual&#34; and the only motion is powered by batteries. Waste your money at your own risk.
Had to return it was not what i was expecting i read the add carefully an on the last page i found the details
Didn't understand the rules
Fell apart after 2 months
The telepod feature didn't work and the little figures were cheap pieces of crap.
"The picture doesn't match the fans that were sent.  Instead of the red/violet/teal/yellow concentric circle designs shown, we got fans with fiesta party images like somberos and margaritas, which weren't useful to me."
I received these blades and the sets were all one size and not in sets they did not solve my problem.
"Not a single 3 minute timer. Out of 12 only 4 work well, where the sand doesnt get stuck. Very low quality product, not worth it."
Terrible. Broke in 1 hour.
cheap flimsy and useless garbage.<br />Does not work.<br />Thanks for helping pollute the planet.
The toy arrived missing parts and looking used.  The product was to be in frustration free packaging but the toy was to be in new condition.  That is not what I got.  The toy arrived with dried food and milk on it.
Overpriced.
I was expecting them to get bigger with the description. They don't get that big before they start falling apart. My son still enjoyed watching the egg crack and the Dino come out but after that the limbs breaking off freaked him out.
Not a good product. Fisher price drawing board is much better.
"This is one of the most annoying toys I have encountered thus far in my son's 10-month old life. The voice is completely obnoxious, and there are two sound settings- LOUD and LOUDER. It plays several tunes all at once, and is very busy and distracting. I don't know how any baby learns anything from this; there's just too much going on. Once you stop playing with it, it drones on forever unless you actually shut off the switch. Additionally, some of the things it says don't even make any sense- I think it says something like &#34;the flowers spin in the sun&#34;. What? There aren't even any flowers on the whole toy, not that it would make sense if there were anyway. I can't speak to its use in learning to walk yet, but it is much less sturdy than I had anticipated so I'm not sure it's going to work for that purpose.<br /><br />Unfortunately, it's one of my son's favorite toys. Many times I've considered getting rid of it, but it keeps him occupied so I endure the clamor. Hopefully he'll lose interest soon, because I'd like to retire it to the basement. I wouldn't even give it away, that's how much I can't stand it- I wouldn't do that to anyone else."
Item received was not new in package (see photo) or in good condition (does not work).
"Don't waist your money! As a stationary modle its looks nice, good detailing on the paint and decals but thats where the positivity stops. Literally within 90 seconds of turning it on and driving it this thing was broken. The drive motors are not secured to the gearbox, its a joke! The moment too much stress is placed on the drive moter gearbox assembly the drive motors leverage themselves up and away from the gearbox and GAME OVER! If you are ok with taking it apart and pushing the motor assembly back down every 30 seconds of driving then buy this toy, if not then stay away. Did I mention there is a high and low speed mode? Well there is and the low speed mode is the one that allows 30 seconds of driving until the motors leverage themselves up and away, the highspeed mode... Ha forget about it! In highspeed mode if you look crossways at the accelerator the motors are up up and away without ever having moved the tank at all."
"Bought this for my one-year-old niece's birthday party and it was way too small.  She is a typically sized girl, so I don't know if this hat is just supposed to fit newborns or what.  It's billed as 'toddler-sized', so I thought that meant she could wear it up to age 3.  I was too small to even balance on her head for pictures."
They did not stay put together and kept popping apart
Box came damaged.
I wouldn't waste my money on this...
came broken
Does not work.. Woukd like to know when someone will send me a new one or send me a return address so we can get another
piece of worthless junk
crap it was weighted
Broke the day we got it. Thin plastic.
Pencil boxes were open and pencils strewn all over. Many tips had broken! Not satisfied
:(
"The donut is super cute, but the Big Mouth Toys customer service is terrible. It was a week and a half late so I did not get the product in time to enjoy it for a trip I went on and when I contacted the company they were of no help. They only tracked my package (which I had already done). They are unreliable, they did not get back to me for days and they did not get their products out to me when it was stated they would. I do not recommend Big Mouth Toys"
The balloons didn't seal so they were leaking out and I had to tie most of them by hand which was a pain  I wouldn't buy this again from this company
Didn't squirt. Don't waste your money! I would have given no stars if it was an option.
"I thought this was a really awesome toy from the looks, my son absolutely loves gears.  I was extremely disappointed with the actual reality.  The gears don't really function as gears so much as stacking pieces.  It's not possible for my son to operate this manually which is really what he wants to do--turn the gears.  Last, the pegs on the legs are so close together only specific pieces fit.  they pretty much just fall to pieces. Overall it was like the designer had an idea of how gears worked but never actually SEEN a gear in person.  My son got frustrated very quickly, and I felt bad for causing it.  The best I could do was help him make connected &#34;wheels&#34; out of the gears and roll them around.<br /><br />I really feel with a redesign you could make this one really awesome toy, but as it is, it's garbage. I would not recommend this at all."
The worst product i ever purchased! most of the them fell apart when i opened package. as a result most of our little guests didn't get it as a party favor. eh! can i get a refund!!!!
"Very poor quality.  Velcro fell off of many pieces after only a week.  Fruits and vegetables are made out of a very thin plastic, piece had rips and dents in the plastic only after two uses.  The knife that comes with the set is very flexible and unable to cut some of the pieces.  I previously had a food play set from Melissa and Doug that was exceptional quality and lasted for a very long time."
"My son loves this drone! But it is a money pit! We ordered one and it quit working about a week later. But my son loved it so much that we decided to return it, order another one and give it another chance. When that one broke down, it was just because of a small part that we were able to order from Amazon as well. But then it was another part, and another part and so on. Now, 6 weeks later, it is not working, it is too late to return it and we have wasted about $100. Definitely not worth it!"
"The seller didn't do anything wrong, it's the product that SUCKS!! Way overpriced for the little cheap junk that you get. If it wasn't that I promised my 4yo these, I wouldn't have wasted my money on this. My advice is, don't waste any money on these...They're worth .50 cents max from the vending machines."
Smaller than I expected and the door you open to get the money out the tab broke on 2 of the 3 I ordered
I can't believe I spent money on this POS... the crank doesn't work and the boot has to be swung manually to make it kick the bucket (I had to bend the pole it's on to even get it to be close enough to kick it). It constantly fell apart each time we tried to add more pieces. I put this away after 1 day of frustration and my son hasn't asked to play with it since.
"I purchased these based on the great reviews I saw on her, however they were falling apart right after opening the package. I plan to return them"
"DO NOT buy this product it's a total waste of money !!  When I received my package they were broke in half. They deserve zero stars but, I had to  give them one star in order to post my review. The only positive thing was the quick delivery."
These are the junk cards they cant sell off without them being in bulk...
"The BOX?! You can't give this as a gift. The box is so generic looking, it looks like something you got at a swap meet. It's BRIGHT pink with white hearts all over it and just plain cheap looking. Such a bummer cuz the drone is probably great. But I needed to give this to 14 year old boy as a gift. Nope, can't do it."
Nothing but dupes
"I bought two of these floats because it seemed like a good deal.  Blew them up and we loved them.....until the seams on the arms split after about 5 uses at the most. They were used normally, not abused in anyway and part of the time by children.  If you can get yourself balanced just right, and don't have any children in your pool causing waves you can use it without the arms but not very easily."
"Terrible!!!  These are not the brand &#34;Bunch o Balloons&#34; as advertised or as indicated in the photo.  These are some knock off and THEY DON'T WORK AT ALL! The water squirts out of them the the minute they come off the straws leaving you with a pile of un-used water balloons.  I was able to save maybe 15 of the 100 balloons but only because I tied the few that filled with waster as fast as I could. (and that was also after I tried to put the un-used balloons back on the straws the refill them--what a hassle!!) I've used the brand &#34;Bunch o Balloons&#34; before and they truly work.  Unfortunately, these just aren't the real deal.  Save yourself the money, hassle and the frustration and don't bother even trying these things."
Really doesn't transform if Ya ask me. Smaller in size then I expected.. shipping was more then the toy
There was no doll included!
Ordered for my daughters birthday party. ALL of the lollipops were broken upon arrival! Waste of money!
Very misleading. Paid $9.75 for one mini LPS bag. Very disappointed as were my kids....
"Very poor performance!  Paper kept sticking and jamming. A couple of adults decided it was the child's inability to use correctly, and it jammed on them too.  Wouldn't recommend."
Cheap
"very bad quality. the tracks are weak and loose. the track adaptors are very weak also so the connection to our another track master is easily separated, very loose. and these tall supporters are loose also and move frequently. Even more, our Thomas train (fisher price brand) doesn't move up smoothly. I have autistic child and I know he will be frustrated seeing the tracks and the other parts falling and disconnecting. I regret not reading the reviews before buying. I trusted fisher price."
"The balls are filled with water and one of them was cracked, broken and empty and could not even be used."
"It looks good. Nice detail- light plastic- basic remote. Mine came damaged, cracked in the rear near the sensors-  wouldn't turn on even after full charged battery-possibly damaged before packaging.. This item is not exchangeable and they offered a gift card .um no! But.. Eventually after my second call to have return $ adjusted to what I paid - I got a full refund. Slightly nerve racking! But my poor sad son, was his birthday present..Though I'm sure when you get one that works- it could be fun. Who wouldn't love a toy RC Ship"
Price way to high!
It leaked air
Junk....returned it.  Do not buy.  Better quality at Dollar Store.
This lunchbox is VERY poorly made. One of the zippers broke off literally the first time we unzipped it and the zipper is sewn so badly that it will barley go around one of the corners.  I would totally return it if I hadn't already written my son's name on it!
"I am might be a little unfair here. The blocks work (more or less) and they are cheaper than the original Lego, but not so cheap to justify their low quality. I would not recommend them."
"Yep, just like everyone else said...No cups! So unless you are okay with getting just the utensils, plates and napkins...I would suggest buying from someone else!"
The balance piece doesn't even fit in the base. Get one from somewhere else.
Worked for a few days than nothing. What a waste of money. Very disappointed.
I paid $170 and it doesn't even work. Even tried new batteries. Should of mentioned that. ESP if I'm paying that much. Very upset
you can not choose the  color floaty you get.<br />I wanted a blue one I git a orange. ugh.<br /><br />buyer beware
Would not buy first run and they front one lots it's pin that holds them together
Received these bottles in plain white instead of assorted colors as described.
"I am really disappointed with this mat.... I really love this character and i really love the art i had to buy it the minute i saw it. I have owned it for less then a month and its already starting to fray around the edges. I attached a few photos of a few bad spots but this is pretty much all the way around :-(<br /><br />I really wish the quality was better, i keep this mat in a tube whenever i am not playing, i am always careful when i roll it up and put it away, and still this is happening."
"Would NOT turn off. After replacing the batteries when they finally died, it never worked again. I ended up throwing it away because it held water and I was worried about bacteria and mold growing."
"Don't waste your money on this crap! It is just a red foam ball with a slit on one side so that you can &#34;try&#34; to fit it onto your nose. How is the product supposed to remain in place? Now that I have these 12 of these things in my possession, I am wondering if returning it is worth the price of shipping considering that I only paid about $5 for them. I guess that I will just have to use them to throw at children, and hopefully the children will laugh!"
very cheap and my cat is terrified of it. SO not worth the money.
I love Tinkertoys and my kids were very excited when we got this. Sadly it was a huge disappointment! My box received was missing 22 vital pieces (eyes etc. everything in my pic surrounded by red). I am disgusted by this evident lack of integrity and gave 1 star only because I had to. I will change my review if sent the missing items :-(
"Hat came crushed, it's super cheap material...would not recommend"
They sound was so faint you could barely hear the the person on the other line at all! :(
NOT ASSEMBLED AT ALL!!!!  Do not buy unless you want to spend an hour of your life guessing how to put it together. Not assembled and no instructions
I ordered Crayola brand because I know it is good quality. What I received was a brand called Prang. Very crappy quality and not eligible for return. Will never order again.
"I tried to put this on my phantom and the minute I did, one of the retaining sides for the camera lens broke off. From the start of trying to install this it was very clear that it was not going to fit properly. I applied very little pressure and twist it to try and make it fir around the lens of the camera and the minute I did one of the retaining sides for the camera lens cover snapped off, rendering the entire product useless and me not being able to use it in any capacity.    To me it seemed a little sketchy considering that it is suppose to protect the camera lens and keep the gimbal steady."
Will be returning. Not for kids- the hats are huge!!
Received ours today and is not the black one we ordered and my little girl starts school tomorrow and now has the wrong Bookbag and we don't have time to order another one!!
These shoes fell apart withing ONE HOUR of my daughter wearing them indoors. The zip tie holding the decorations broke and the silver &#34;sticker&#34; acting as the inside sole began to peel up from the toe almost instantly.  Very poorly made.
"I bought it for my niece and shipped it down to Dominican Republic and when she opened the package the thing was broke, i mean it didn't work with the voice reconigtion and she had to open it with a tool. She was so excited about having a diary nobody could open  :(:("
I was soooo excited to buy this for my son. We got it opened it and used it one time he LOVED it. After the second use the thing quit working on us. I've tried contacting the manufacturer but they sent a battery and then stop writing back to me. Amazon definitely got me taken care of but I'm a little disappointed that it didn't take long to mess up.
"didn,t work"
"This is cheap, flimsy, and unsafe. I bought it because it was small and I was going to keep it inside. It is so small that it's almost to small for an average size 14 month old. Also it is very unstable I wouldn't let my child play on it unless I was holding onto it so it doesn't tip over. I would never recommend this to anyone."
"The plastic latch on the side did not fit correctly, so any kind of jolt (like a ball hitting the rim), sent the basket shooting down to the lowest height. The net is also tedious to put on, and came undone and frayed quickly. I sent it back for a full refund."
"Horrible, very dented!"
"The cars that I received look nothing like the picture. Now, don't get me wrong...I love myself a cool, racing minivan, but the box-shaped cars that I received aren't exactly every kid's idea of a race car. If you order this, beware, because you might receive miniature Scion xBs. I'm requesting a replacement and, hopefully, I receive the advertised item."
This toy looked great when I was shopping my daughter was so happy to get it she had so much fun making it until she got sick she though up every where
"This hat is cute, but is HUGE. I could not use it on my daughter's head for her birthday because it looked ridiculous. It was fine as a decoration, but I had really hoped to take some pictures with her wearing a birthday hat."
I spent twenty some dollars on this and as soon as I put batteries in it made loud noise like gears were shot and smelt like rubber burning.
Really made cheap the handle broke in 3 days the lids broke and won't close properly and not easy for a child of 4 to use. One week it went in the trash...
"The item being delivered is NOT like the item in the picture. It is very small and no where in the item description does it state 24 months as the tag on the item does. Also it does NOT have a pocket in front, or side ties!! More like a flat piece of vinyl with a hole cut in it. Also the pattern printed is not like the picture."
"The battery compartment isn't sealed, so water gets in there and not only makes them stay on, but causes the batteries to leak and rust.  Even after drying them out and putting in new batteries, they still don't light up."
"Had hole in it first day, kids didn't care for it. Sucks"
Flip of death after three flights. Waste of time and money. Sorry.
Broke on the seam after 5 days of lite use. Second one in a row!!!!
happy with the dolls my little one loves the 3 inch ones.. i was not happy with 4 of the same doll out of 6 dolls.. very disapointed
"(1) Before ordering the RYO Sudoko, I called Amazon and I asked if I was receiving a new machine and the answer was YEs, The Sudoko I received was made in 2005 and was nothing like the one i already possessed. So, I called and they sent me aUPS to return it which I did.<br />The RYO model I received was an out of date machine (2005) and compared to the current one i already have was simply not as easy to use as the one that I currently have. (2) when i received the sudoko I ordered using Amazon, it was a USED model and it DID not work and because its something that I received via Amazon, it  definitely soured my view that Amazon would allow something like that. I have had the newer model for many years and I wanted a backup machine because I use it every day and always on the thousands of air flights I have had in my life."
This was the biggest waste of $$$$ took forever to put together. Didn't stay inflated for more than  2 days.
Got it yesterday and one
This was the ugliest owl I have ever seen. I was very disappointed.
These dresses were like paper. Noisy.
I ordered two of these cheerleaders fit my daughter's 5th birthday party. We received the &#34;punk&#34; Hello Kitty instead with a skull and crossbones. I had one disappointed girl :(
Broke immediately off base. Disappointed.  Apparently not meant to be played with...
Item did not work upon delivery. Seller blamed transit carrier.
Very mad about this product my son has only had it 2 weeks and it has completely stopped working so not worth 30 dollars and I want my money back!!!!!!!
Would die after less than 30 seconds of flight. Tried multiple known good chargers and still nothing.
"This picture is very deceiving!<br />The cake topper is only maybe 4&#34; tall and about 2&#34; wide at best.<br />The graphics image on the cake topper lack quality.  The images had gaps in portions of the helmets, necks, arms, and legs (meaning you could see right through it).<br />The action figures are just slightly shorter. This decoration would probably work well for a small personalized kids sized cake but is too small for a large cake."
"Please note that you only get one.  I was under the impression that you get all 4. (Especially for the price!) they didn't ask which one. It's adorable, but very pricey for just one tiny giraffe."
Just one????? Very disappointed
Box said it needs 2AA batteries but item itself says 3AAA. So I have not used it.
"Going to return, does now glow!!!  Very disappointed.  Felt like a nut when I invited my grandson's friend over to play and it did nothing, nothing, noting."
Doesn't work.  Seems like several other reviewers had the same problem.  Skip it.
I was very disappointed with this.
NOT AS DESCRIBED
"The package arrived on time, but it was missing all the hardware needed to assemble it. My son was pretty disappointed and we have returned it for a refund. Very frustrating."
piece of **** it didnt work.. not worth returning. it is stupid dont waste your money
returned game as it was broken and missing pieces
"DO NOT BUY THIS.  You cannot connect it to the drone that it claims that it is for.  The battery has the wrong shaped connector so there is no way to connect it to the Syma drone.  We returned it.  The only good thing is with Prime, there are free returns."
it sucks it lasts about 2 min
Cute? Yes. Kinda looks like the photo? Yea. Cotton? Absolutely NOT. This is an acrylic at best. Feels very plastic like. We heat tested a strand and it melted. Skin irritation from synthetic fibers is a problem in my home which is why we purchased this- it claims to be cotton. Just a warning incase you or your baby have allergies.
"I should have read the reviews more closely.  This is a fascinating toy for a few months.  It took me a few minutes to get the hang of placing the magnet, but after some practice, I could do it every time.  However, after a few months, it stops working.  I just spent 30 minutes trying to get it to levitate, but the field is not stable enough and the helper system has apparently broken down, just like so many other reviewers said it would.<br /><br />If you want one of this things, just be sure to return it before the return policy expires, otherwise, shortly after, it will stop working."
"My almost 3 years old son just discovered the octonauts cartoon and loves it (not sure how educational it is though...) I recently took away his pacifier and promised him a gift and this I thought would have been a good choice. He loved it but Maybe he is too young for it, not sure, but the parts keep on falling off, and we already lost the turtle. It comes with captn, kwazii and 3 &#34;creatures&#34;. But no PESO!! The top red thingy you see on top in the picture comes off and &#34;talks&#34; when pressed,you can hear Captn and Kwazii talking, I with they had the little &#34;creature report&#34; song, but it doesnt. For the price they could have added Peso too!! I am overall pretty disappointed with this toy and would gladly return it but my son glances at it from time to time so I cant. Sooo not worth the price!!"
I bought an 11 inch plushie and got a 7 inch talkable sadness doll... Seriously?
"I will admit I'm responsible for buying without reading. What I thought were three turtles ( as shown in the picture ) turned out to be a single green turtle. The only reason I didn't pack it up and send it back is my granddaughter was present when the box was opened and immediately said it was hers. To add insult to injury, once the batteries are in, it hardly moves in the water.<br />This product is mediocre at best. I do not recommend it or this company. This is the first and last time I buy from these people!"
"I know that ordering fake poop online is potentially disappointing, but this exceeded my expectations in regards to it's failure. Nothing at all like the picture, what I received was more like something you would find at the dollar store in the gag gift section. It doesn't look anything like this picture, it doesn't look real, a complete waste of time and money.<br /><br />I'm including a photo"
Horrible  product arrived broke and made very cheap play with it once and it brakes more don't buy this product save your money.
"Bought it used on Amazon. One minute it's on, the next it's off. Battery will NOT charge. Can not be replaced. I wasted my money. What's worse??? All the apps we've bought online can only be used in up to 5 of the leap frog units. We've bought 5 units now...2 broken screens and now this dead in water machine. So not only am I out of the hundreds I spent on app, but this money is gone too! I've read online this is a VERY common problem. Don't buy this! Leapfrog products are cool when they work. My kids love them....but it's like the company makes them so that with one drop, it's dead! Who makes a kid product that has a screen that can not be replaced? Leapfrog. Who makes a product that has a glitchy rechargeable battery that can't be replaced? Leapfrog. They get you between a rock and a hard place because you've already spent so much on apps, games and books you HAVE to buy another when it breaks. The bleeding is over here! Not one penny more will ever be spent on a single leapfrog product! Ps when you call the company, they are unwilling to help. They KNOW they already got your money....so they do not care."
Poor balance. Poor response to controller. Bad product.
"Yuck. Tell me exactly how an entire tray of cupcakes can go into the machine and disappear? All we could figure is that it somehow fell into the heating element, so we threw it away to be safe. It would be nice if there was any way on earth to service the thing. Don't waste your money - Go for the old fashioned fire hazard where you actually knew where the danger was and could avoid it."
Was very cheaply made and the batteries died very quickly.
"I would never buy from this company again! The wires to the battery were not connected and I could not find the wire to hook to the charger. I remove the body and found the battery installed backwards because the battery wire were not center to the battery so it could be correctly installed. Also the self centering spring for the left hand controller is broke or missing. If you read the instructions, they must have been written at a second grade level. I would have returned this product but I had it for a month and was just now getting the chance to try it out. I rarely write reviews but in this case I felt compelled to do so. Very dissatisfied!"
Absolute Garbage. I purchased it as a first wallet for my 6 yr old who asked for a Batman wallet. I didn't want to spend $25 with gougers but in the end that would've been better. This is by far the cheapest piece of garbage I have ever purchased on Amazon and I spend a lot of money on Amazon. Do yourself a favor and spend the extra money elsewhere. This thing is literally a cheap piece of material sewn together and not that well cause the stitching was coming apart when we received it. I cant even tell you what the material is. It seems like the padded white material they pack electronics in. You get what you pay for so use me as an example and don't bother here. Lesson learned! Wow I just cant believe what garbage this thing is. It should be illegal to sell something of this quality or should I say lowest of quality! Gabage Garbage Garbage!
Never got to use it. Tried to download app for remote and it wouldn't do it. Waste of money
never worked!!! Do not recommend
The earrings broke immediately! Cheap plastic
"No, only one was sent to me not a dozen! It was a big mess & I regret ever choosing this one!"
Water gets in...no place to drain
Awsome loved it
"If you want to be proven wrong over and over again then this puzzle is for you.  You'll start to think the puzzle is relatively easy only to find out that those pieces that fit so well are actually the wrong pieces.  This goes for the border pieces and inside ones too.  We had to redo the border 3 times and we are still not sure if it's correct.  It looks right, but it looked right the first and second time too!  It is so frustrating!  Puzzles are supposed to be challenging but they should also be fun which this is not.<br /><br />Don't this puzzle for the following reasons:<br />1.  Pieces are too similar and will fit into multiple areas.  Don't torture yourself.<br />2.  Picture on box does not accurately reflect puzzle picture.<br />3.  Pieces start to peel after so many times of undoing pieces that you thought fit."
It didn't keep the air .
Plastic food was from the cheapest junkiest quality of plastic<br />Im really upset<br />Not at all as shown on picture<br />Dont u know wed rather pay that much more and get a quality item...<br />Besides..its already not a good price for the given quality<br />Looks like it really wont last long...<br />And thats before ive opened.<br />Total weight of all set weighs what well know brands tiny food sets.<br />A shame<br />Not happy
Ugly product.
The product I received was a regular grune figure with normal mummra snake logo. I did NOT receive the thundercats logo misprint version.
"Description states 25 uncommon/rare cards from Beta to Mirrodin Besieged.  Recieved 27 common cards from Origins...8 cards were duplicates,, 21 uncommon from Gatecrash to Born of the Gods... 8 of them from Theros, and 2 rares from Theros.<br />Would think there would be more of a rare/ uncommon card distribution but seeing how I didn't even get the 25 uncommon/rare as stated in the description, I would not recommend this item to anyone."
Floated the river once! It melted at the seems from the heat im guessing? Hey at least I got 3 hours of fun out of it
Horrible.. chain broke first day :(
Whack toy ever
Terrible quality .. I just received it and is falling apart
"This is a nightmare to assemble. Seriously, an exercise in frustration. Start with lots of time and patience and expect to get very angry. This is one of those times I would pay more for a pre-assembled model. My son hasn't even seen it yet and I hate it. And yes, it seems to be as cheap as everyone says it is. I don't expect it to last long. Definitely not like the big wheel I remember as a kid. It's pretty disappointing."
My son didn't enjoy it at all the gloves don't fit right in also it wasn't worth 26.99 its more like 5.99
I read this as 12 packs of 4s... not 12 crayons for 5$ no no no wow.
These did not work!  I purchased two bags and none of them worked!  The balloons did not fill up all the way before dropping off.  A waste of money!!
It stopped working almost immediately
Very hard to open.  Very small egg and dinosaur.  My child lost interest immediately.
It ripped the next time we used it. Patch is tiny for the amount you pay.
"This is small and not made well. I've asked for a refund and will drive to party city to get the larger, more sturdy version of Spiderman."
"Dumbest. Toy. Ever. Would give no stars but had to give at least one. One star for the dirt bike that comes with it, that's the only good thing in the box."
"It was broken at the neck and I returned  it for another one. The second one was broken at the neck when it arrived, also. It's  still in the box in the closet floor."
The steps wripped after only one month.
Second pool purchased in less than two months.  First one completely collapsed and the second one came with no filter or pump and a hole in the bottom!  DO NOT purchase this item.
too wide for my kids
Eran rojos no rosas! !!
Terrible and doesn't hold up. Not the size it says on the box much smaller. Got a hole in it within 10 minutes of use.
"Awful. My son was so excited to get this for his birthday - he's wanted it for months.  We set it up, the snake pop up mechanism worked fine.  However, like other reviewers, the sensor is much too sensitive.  He tried to play the game but without him even moving the snake would pop up.  We even tried putting it in a room with no one there, and it popped up regardless.  Please don't buy this toy.  I wish I didn't.  Thanks Fotorama for making my kid cry on their birthday."
"Very disappointed in these.  I ordered 4 different ones expecting them to be the same quality of one I had seen that a co-worker had.  He said he got his about 20 years ago from a friend.  HIS animal magnet was made of a very sturdy, thick velour like material.  HIS had very big magnets in the feet so that you could actually stand it up and position the animal in different standing positions.  THESE animals are made of a very cheap almost furry shammy like material.  WAY too flimsy to have the legs actually support the creature in any meaningful positions.  The magnets are very small in the feet and there is one in the chest.  You would think this would be a good thing but the legs are so flimsy that the magnets keep pulling the legs into the chest.  CHEAP CHEAP and way too expensive for that!!!  For the price I was expecting the quality of the one my co-worker showed me.  If I had paid .99 cents for these I would have kept them, but at $5.00 or $6.00 each???  NOPE.  They look much higher quality in the pictures than they actually are."
"I thought it was great at first, but then it started beeping and it wouldn't stop. I had to throw it away."
this is terrible
"bootleg its a fake this isnt gohan at all, this is a fake version of dragonball z toys, dont spend 20 bucks on this crap."
No way that this is worth $75.
It doesn't fly. just a piece of crap.
My unit has never worked for 7 months
Cheap and no sticky on the back
Received the product and it doesn't work and they will not let me exchange or return.  No satisfied at all.  I want me refund.  They made me put a star.  I would have given them none.
junk
"Do not buy terrible product,they are in bad condition when you get them plus a lot of chris paul"
"Bad experience with warehouse deals.<br /><br />There are missing pieces. Yes I bought this from warehouse deals but it said only the box would be damaged, nothing about missing pieces. It looks like someone had this and they basically bought this one and removed all the little pieces to replace on theres. Its missing the dial, roller, domed lid, gear shift, spinner, rear handle, no screws or washer. So the only pieces that are in the box was the body/chassis, wheels, and front handle. My question is how the returns center could resell this as everything included in the box. When you open it up I new right away since there was no little plastic package with little pieces to fit it together and if you look at the picture everything for the baby to play with is not on the body. They were removed and it was resold.<br /><br />**I love the item if all the pieces would of been there. Its like giving a sucker to a child but without the actually candy part, just the stick.<br />The item itself Im sure it great and Im sure my 8 month old son would love it. The items great and I will go to wal mart or re order but the experience was awful. Im mostly upset that the returns center couldnt just look at the item and make 100% sure all the pieces were returned. They should go back and see who returned it and re-charge them for this item since no one would be able to put this together with out these missing pieces."
Didn't know what to expect from a Rubik's Brand cube.<br />You can get much better cubes for a lower price. Just look up &#34;Speed Cube&#34;<br />Any speed cube will be smoother and easier to use than this.
It's broke the third time using it .  The bottom tore from the top part! So unfortunately I am NOT very satisfied
gets tangled extremely easily. Was not able to use.
"Advertised as a party favor, however the packaging design is very poor. Multiple pieces of the plane breaks free of the surrounding packaging when handled (even very gently) making it impossible to be placed freely in a party favor bag."
"This game is a joke. I don't mean that figuratively. The game is about making a joke. The joke is that you're saying something transgressive that you probably would have never thought to say on your own. The first time you play, if you're not super uptight about being politically correct (though, I dunno, maybe we all should be?), it's pretty hilarious. The second time it's less funny, just like a joke is less funny when you hear it again. After that, you've already heard this joke. Maybe you can revive the joke a bit by telling it to some new people, playing it with some new friends, but it will still never be the first time you heard the joke. Then after a while, the joke is just super old. It's as funny as any joke you've heard 10+ times before, meaning, not at all.<br /><br />Seeing as there's no game here, just a joke, there's very little point in playing it after your first or second time."
I bought two packs. 6 of the pencils had holes. I had to patch up the holes to be able to use them for the party. This was an awful purchased :/
"The Pillow Pet that arrived was not Clarice, it was the snowman.  My daughter loves the Clarice character, and this was for her birthday.  Not sure its worth the entire return process.  Disappointing."
It doesn't work. We tried two sets of batteries and it was a no go.
"They are not the same as factory ones, and sit so low they hit the ProtoX! Do not buy for the ProtoX!"
i paid $13 for this and was very disappointing when i got it. Returned it right away as it wasnt what was described.
"The description did not explain that it has little rotary wheels under the bus and the front wheels are dummy. My kid likes to push the bus however he couldn't play with it because of the tiny rotary wheels in the front. Also once you turn it on, the bus keeps on running with a loud annoying music, would have liked if it stops after minute or so."
This Huffy Green Machine was purchased for my grandsons 9th birthday in July. He has only had it for a month and the back wheels have already split and are broken. He can't even enjoy it. I am very disappointed in the quality of this product.
Poor quality. Returned. Disappointed.
"I am amazed that this plane received good reviews.  This was the worst purchase decision I have made in years.  It says &#34;RTF&#34; but it still requires a lot of work / tweaking and the manual is not completely updated.  Example:  it says the put a paperclip in the &#34;Bind&#34; button to Bind the receiver to the Transmitter but in fact the button is labeled &#34;Link&#34;.  There are many many other examples where the manual is not clear and they expect you to figure it out.  The manual needs to be completely rewritten.  In addition, when you need help, then GOOD LUCK!  The technical support (217) 398-8970 number, I waited for an hour on hold and no one picked up when I needed help.  I spent 20 hours trying to get the plane tto work and still the transmitter was not getting the elevators, allerons, rudder, etc. to work.  And, how about having a &#34;How to put together your plane&#34; video on the web site?  And, how about starting your manual with an explanation of what the parts the plane are?  This would be nice as Flyzone should start from ground zero and shouldn't expect everyone to be an experienced RC plane person.  This company owes me."
Moss balls were dead
"Not very good, holds air but does not look good as a ice cream cone, bad colors, etc."
I've tried several times to get my family or friends to get into this game and nobody wants to play it.  We start out and they all think it's tedious or 'not simple enough'.  I'm bummed out because I thought it would be fun to play leading up to our trip to Europe in the Fall.
"Greedy, greedy. Disgusting."
Awful product!  I was hesitant after reading some reviews but bought it for my sons birthday anyway.  Big mistake.  I made sure my 8 year old and his 6 year old cousin were super careful but after 3 hours there was a hole on one of the foot holds.  Customer service was quick and responsive and I received a replacement slide in a little over a week.  Well after a few hours of gentle play the same thing happened so I will be returning for a refund.  It's too bad because my son loved it while it worked.
This item came broken. Teeth would not go down
they were too small made for a dolls face
"I am furious to discover that this product is a knock-off of the real Manic Panic. It is a lightly colored, watery, liquid with no redeeming value. I believe my hair has basically been ruined, as I will have to bleach out this horrible Bozo color. My faith in buying anything from Amazon may be beyond repair. Thanks for nothing but lost money, time, and future split ends."
"this product came up when I was looking for the &#34;Uncle Fester&#34; light bulb, and even showed Uncle Fester with a bulb in his mouth.<br />The base of the bulb contains lead and specifically states &#34;do not put in mouth&#34;."
didn't work
"Looks like fun and I like the fact that it's wood, but it doesn't withstand outdoor weather (RAIN). I installed this on my swingset in May and within a few weeks the red paint was peeling, then the seat layers started peeling making it sharp and unusable. I would expect something designed for the outdoors would last longer."
"Really really cheaply made.  I paid $6.95, now I see it is also available on Amazon for $4.99, still overpriced. All very cheap plastic, comes laminated on a card.  Quality it like something you would find at the .99 cent store.  I read the reviews and they were very misleading.  I should have returned it, but since I opened the package, I'll keep it. Whenever I see it, it will remind me the dangers of buying on line, without seeing and touching the product."
"I received a set of three with the same exact figurine, with unknown hero never seen before. Will never ever use this seller again : ("
I don't know if I just got a bad box or what but I don't share the same reviews as the majority. These are absolutely horrible!!!!! I bought these for my grandkids and we were majorly disappointed. They're not bright at all!!!! And then they didn't last but maybe 3 hours??? I know you get what you pay for and this is a prime example of that statement. I should have went with the more expensive ones but the reviews seemed good on these.... And to return them I will be charged shipping which is not much less than what I paid so I won't return them.... Live and learn. If you're thinking about buying these you may want to spend a little extra and get ones that aren't so disappointing.
"Very disappointed in these.  I ordered 4 different ones expecting them to be the same quality of one I had seen that a co-worker had.  He said he got his about 20 years ago from a friend.  HIS animal magnet was made of a very sturdy, thick velour like material.  HIS had very big magnets in the feet so that you could actually stand it up and position the animal in different standing positions.  THESE animals are made of a very cheap almost furry shammy like material.  WAY too flimsy to have the legs actually support the creature in any meaningful positions.  The magnets are very small in the feet and there is one in the chest.  You would think this would be a good thing but the legs are so flimsy that the magnets keep pulling the legs into the chest.  CHEAP CHEAP and way too expensive for that!!!  For the price I was expecting the quality of the one my co-worker showed me.  If I had paid .99 cents for these I would have kept them, but at $5.00 or $6.00 each???  NOPE.  They look much higher quality in the pictures than they actually are."
"Arrived without the instructions. For an event tonight. It's cheesy, but would have liked to use it..... No clue how."
Crap!
Over priced
no beans. lots of sand.
I wouldn't get this pool....Its really hard to keep the sides up while filling takes a lot of water that you have to dump and get out because you don't want the kids in dirty water..not easy snapset and fill like it says.would rather have something easier to fill and dump out..and better sides..
The title states 1 set of UC Letters and 3 Sets of LC letters. The third LC &#34;set&#34; is incomplete read description. I contacted seller and they pointed out that info. The item came missing 10 lower case letters and had 6 extra upper case letters. Some lower and upper case letters are not compatible to use for sentence and word forming (the UC Y is the same size as the LC y). The LC q is weird looking the seller responded and said they made a new LC q but the one I got was the old style. I am very disappointed in this product to say the least. I can't believe that it has a high rating from teachers (or so they say they are). Some letters are interchangeable like M and W. I was hoping for something higher quality based on the price.
Disappointed. Car does not work very well at all. 4 year old grandson hardly played with it and he loves the &#34;turtles.&#34;
Rip off 😡👎🏾👎🏾👎🏾👎🏾👎🏾👎🏾👎🏾👎🏾
Not very happy.  The picture and description both say that it comes on a black 16&#34; cord.  I bought this for my son thinking the black cord would look more masculine.  We got it today and it is on a silver chain. Way to rip people off. Now I ha have to buy a black cord separately. Usually I'm very pleased with what I buy from Amazon.com but not now.
This dinosaur was smaller than expected. I found one at Walmart store much bigger for $10
My year old granddaughter just loves this. We had to take the child seat off because she likes to climb on and off by herself.  I am glad we bought this as it is such a hit.
"Market only, no light in the end - :("
"Wow. After 39 years and tens of thousands of purchases I have hit a real milestone. The Uncle Milton Star Theater Home Platinum is without a doubt the stupidest thing I have ever spent money on in my entire life! My son is interested in the stars and wanted a projector. So I went to an educational toy shop. The packaging looked legit and I figured why not, they only wanted forty dollars and it would support the local economy. Unfortunately I did not have access to the Amazon reviews...<br /><br />The packaging and images on this site are very deceptive. The globe looks dark and I foolishly expected this to project stars as little pinholes of light on the ceiling. It does the opposite. The globe is clear and the stars are printed on it. The end result projects a dull glow with the &#34;stars&#34; as blurry dark globs. Imagine drawing a few black dots on a nightlight-- this is effect you will get. The text is not legible on the ceiling and its near impossible to locate any recognizable constellations. The glowing &#34;stars&#34; are pointless. The meteor wand is laughable. The whole thing feels cheap and a ready to fall apart at a moments notice.  I didn't even bother with the included CD. My son lost interest within 60 seconds. I don't even feel right giving this to goodwill. I think its only place is in the trash."
"This was our son's big 4th birthday gift.  He was super excited to get it.  However,  after less than 2 months of normal play by a year old and 18 month old,  the plastic has cracked and it is broken.  I should never have paid $50 for plastic,  but I thought this company had a good reputation and made toys that could withstand play. So, so disappointed over here."
"Cheap POS. If you bump the base, or what it's sitting on, the metal piece flies right off."
The gimbal came in a smashed package and did not have all of the parts.  out of curiosity i plugged it in to see if it work and sure enough it did not.  It powered on but the motors would instantly start jumping randomly. some people have had good luck with these but i did not.  if your looking a decent cheap gimbal look here: http://www.amazon.com/Walkera-Brushless-Gimbal-iLook-TE066/dp/B00MF8012C/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1440041469&sr=8-2&keywords=walkera+gimbal
Did not meet my expectations.
I ordered eternal winter but i recieved chillin in the sunshine and my daughter got frustrated and disappointed.
This item was not the item pictured I got a corrugated cardboard box
"way too small, this came up not labelled as an educational tool.  however, they're also too small for kid's hands and dexterity."
this ball transfers ink from other toys like the genius baby crib mirror. Ink turns sticky and melts when it comes in contact with this ball! Bad ball? I think so! Do not give this ball to your baby!
buy ripoffs to fuel the China war machine
Broked easily
Ordered 15 of the Shark Tooth Fossil and only received 14. Most boxes had presumably water damage and a staple of some sort was holding the package together. The tool was missing in 3 of them. There is no way I can give these out as gifts. Horrible!
Smells toxic snd very flimsy! Cheap material!
"What a disappointment....it had potential if the darn thing's blow hole work.  Like many others reported, the balls only hovered or got stuck in the trunk.  My twin girls anxiously waited for the balls to come out but to everyone's disappointment they barely hovered out the truck if at all.  Don't be fooled by the excited baby on the picture with the ball that's flying a foot up in the air because that will not happen."
bubbles arrived half opened and ruined.  got all over everything.  sent back for refund.  it was a shame because they were really cute.
"i returned because the shoulders are totally different from what most the clothes are, they cant stay on,comes off very easily. why would make it different its just stupid"
"The charger does not work, leave it connected for several hours and charge nothing"
they didn't work!!
It wouldn't sleep at all and spun very lopsided so I opened it up to find it came missing a bearing retainer.
Broke immediately off base. Disappointed.  Apparently not meant to be played with...
"Mask was broken upon arrival, material falling apart"
Ordered as a Bday present and wasn't impressed at all... actually felt kinda bad gifting it.
Not 1st edition  cards. Deceiving and misleading please fix the info for this product. If it were 1st edition there would be symbol on the bottom right corner of the box or card pack.
Not 1st Edition cards. False advertisement. Misleading and please fix the info for this item.
junks
Only one set of maracas arrived. They were nice but posting is somewhat misleading.
Product cheap !didnt last 90 days
Too easy for most kids!
The ink pad was dried up when we opened it.  Never even got to use it. I'll have to go buy an ink pad so my daughter can at least use the stamps and it's not a total waste.
awful..
"I got this tube and before my 10 year old could use it, it was leaking. I had to blow it up 4 times at the beach."
broke before they could be inflated
I ordered a youth size but it was big enough to comfortably fit my husband! Definitely not a youth size!
Bad😫
Very disappointing for the price
dumb
DO NOT BUY DANGEROUS. My 6 month old was burned on this toy. The motor got to hot burned through the plastic. I will be contacting Fisher Price for sure. By the way only had the item for 1 week.
DO NOT BUY!!! This was an outrage and was unacceptable! My sister was so excited to get the Wubble Bubble ball and same for me! $20 for a ball and a pump ( also with the purchase of $14 in D batteries that pops in the first minute! I am very upset about this and I think it is a scam and should be removed from the public!!! DO NOT BUY!!!
I got two of the same looking earrings the the &#34;diamond&#34; parts were entirely different :(
Our grandchildren love balance bikes!  They have been sharing one that was a hand me down for quite sometime and I decided to purchase a Radio Flyer as the reputation is outstanding.  I gave this as a gift to my 3 year old grandson.  I was not told about the bike literally falling apart with him on it until after the return date passed.  The bike crumbled underneath him within a month of purchase.  I would not recommend this bike at all and feel that a replacement of this bike is warranted.
"This is a bootleg. I would vote nothing, but of course I can only vote one star. Don't buy from this seller at all."
"Very small (I have small hands and it barely fits my pinkie)<br />Also, I question the authenticity"
Promoting VIOLENCE showing a dog with his muzzle taped shut is dispicaible. Who cares if the game is 'fun' as some claim - UGH!
Very cheap. The elastic broke on them immediately.
Too small and expensive.... Stay away.
BUY 3 GET 3? I ONLY RECEIVED 3!
"I ordered two dozen for a child's birthday party.  Upon arrival, 2-3 were already torn.  After 2 hours or less of use by the kids, half of them were broken."
This was really confusing for me.  THe lights didn't make sense; the dial doesn't move to show how much time is left - and it actually is confusing to know which dial is for which (although you can figure it out - it's just not super easy).  I should have listened to the other reviews.  I returned it.  Great idea - it just needs some adjustments.
"Got two ov these boats, charged battery overnight light come on but neither will run ."
It not what I expected
way to expensive
The rings were not included in the box it came in.  Was not able to use this for my child's bday party.
severely overpriced this is a $24 item
"Bad quality, too small to handle (about one cubic inch), easy to fall apart."
"These batteries do not perform well. I have only had them for a few weeks and they are not lasting as well  as the battery that came with the107c quadcopter. They have the same ratting. I would not buy them again.  Update: 4/15/15 All 5 batteries puffed and do not last even a minute after charging, absolutely no good."
Horrible product. Only half the balloons inflated and they were about the size of a plum. I had planned on using game them for games at a birthday patty. We had to run out at last MI utd
"Said it was brand-new, but was not brand-new used an open old box."
"Research... Research... Research. Very misleading, camera is hard to use. Not age appropriate for what is advertised."
worked once and second flight the drone didnt even get off the ground lammeeeeeee<br />it was fun while it lasted tho
So mad! They r size of peas!!!! Seriously??!!! Nothing says they r freaking small!!!
"My grandson said, &#34;the quality is bad.&#34;"
Stopped working within minutes.
These darts are not original . they are imitation .they did not meet my expectations
"This product said it would fit my drown, when I received it, it didn't fit."
"All the pictures show two balls, and all the reviews mention 2 balls but I only received one. I will be returning."
not much use for this set.  Of the many sets I bought Kate did not really like this one
"These toys are terrible quality. They are not Lego compatible- they have &#34;extra&#34; plastic which makes them impossible to place on other bricks. These pieces don't even fit with each other. The products shipped are NOT what is pictured. The colors and styles are different than the actual Lego version, which is what the picture depicts. Two of the dinosaurs were in opened boxes and appear to have been drawn on with a blue sharpie to make the markings around their eyes and on their necks. If you are looking for quality, do not buy these."
Broken
"This product grew distorted and with NO color. All three items were blobs of clear, firm, jelly. Very disappointed. If I could give zero stars, I would. DO NOT WASTE MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT."
Got the item placed batteries in it and you could barely tell amd the tip of the light sabre flew off very disappointed
"Had a swimming pool party for our grandchildren visiting from California two hours after using the water slide we found out that the slide was defective, hole in one of the steps tried patching it up but can not be saved ended in the trashed"
"Only half of the balloons filled with water , and did not fill all the way up . Some of them when they fell off the sticks , deflated . Rubber bands did not hold water in ."
both motors stopped working after 4 days
Was not satisfied with this product.. The weights would not stay on..
"The accessories magnets don't stick at all, we had a very disappointed little girl on her birthday! Returned for refund."
poor design. broke within 5 minutes of running. gear is making a grinding noise and not engaging sufficiently
Received 2009 version labeled as a 2014 version.  The original barcode was covered with another barcode that advertises it as a 2014 model.
"I received the wrong product, im not very happy."
Where fake items
Item quality is poor
I usually don't write reviews... this nerf product is a failure.<br /><br />1. Its not powerful enough.<br />2. 10 bullets in a magazine and the spring is not strong enough.<br />3. Jams frequently.<br />4. I got my son this for his birthday and he got the MEGA handgun with mega bullets and he plays more with that than this because this thing jams so much.<br /><br />My advise... get the MEGA instead of this.
For that price it's was Ridiculous.<br />Cheap toy it broke fast. Didn't fly well.
Cheaply made and started falling apart from the box.
We used this once on the beach and it got jammed so it's really hard to open and close now. Not sure if sand got in it we bought it for the beach and now can't use it. Disappointing because my 20 month old son loved sitting in it - easy for him to get in and out of.
zipper broke after a week of use.  Disappointed with product.  Awesome Amazon customer service.
stop selling this AMAZON you are promoting VIOLENCE showing a dog with his muzzle taped shut is dispicaible. Who cares if the game is 'fun' as some claim - UGH!
58 dollars for two ????????  this is an item I can get for under 3 dollar a piece also on Amazon
"I live in Colorado, 4,500 ft+ elevation here, would not fly over 3 ft off the ground. Turned the motor gain up 200 percent, on a full charge, maaaaybe 5ft, for about a minute then it looses all power back to about 2 feet hover. Very under powered for the size and kind of money it costs. Waste of money imo"
"These balls are made with very cheap, thin plastic and will collapse under the weight of the smallest child!"
Sent back.  Doesn't fit. I have a 8 inch and description says can fit up to an 8 inch tablet.  My friend came over with his 7 inch and it was so so so tight not very good.
Was great until it started getting mold and mildew on the plastic. On my back porch. Have to extensively clean everytime we go to use it. Don't think I will be bringing it in this winter as planned.
"There is a very large scratch across the top of my puzzle picture.  I bought this for my Mom for her birthday, but I can't give it to her now, it would be embarrassing.  All of the corners are also dented and scratched up.  I am very unhappy with the condition this arrived in."
Too small.
"I bought for my child room, I placed them where they make the best contact with the sun threw out the day. This product does not hold its glow long, I mean the glow literally last less then 1 minute. Even after putting direct light for 2 hours the glow lasted 1 minute. Save your money and look else where."
worst lightsaber ever. they break to much
You get what you pay for... Not a very good tutu.
I received this in the mail today. I'm very disappointed that it takes less than 60 seconds to complete. I purchased this because the description says 4 minutes. Not very happy I'll have to find a new one to meet my needs.
The puzzle I received isn't the puzzle in the picture
Missing pieces
"The transmitter failed to connect with the plane beyond 15 feet, and the vendor made me pay for return freight - almost $20.  Seemed like it might be a fun plane, but after that , I'll move on."
Nice 👍🏽
Unfortunately I was severely disappointed with the bag of parts. There are some bionicle pieces in this however there are also pieces from other lines of Legos as well. The pieces from the other lines look as though they have Ben bent and warped for some ones personal creations and are no longer viable to use.
"Supposed to be elf on the shelf girl, but it looks like the boy with a skirt on.... Not too pleased. Also the hairline is not of a girl."
"We were so excited about getting this, but it does not work properly?? We actually bought one for a gift at the same time, both had the same problem, not worth the purchase."
Pretty small and fell apart.  I have feathers all over my house.  I guess you get what you pay for.
"If your kids turn this upside down, and the bathtub isn't perfectly waterproofed it will shoot the water into the wall behind the faucet causing significant home damage."
Yes cards are counterfeit. I should have paid better attention when my 10 year old asked me to order this of where it was shipping from....
The one I bought from target for 7$ was better than this. It's stiff and has no movement. What's going on with the quality of these &#34;toys&#34; . My daughter was so excited and quickly disappointed.  Another waste .....
My Granddaughter Didn't like the taste at all. This was a waste of money.
"My twin boys were Thrilled to receive this as a gift, but they do not work at all.  Not even for a second.  What a waste of time and money.  Clearly they have not been tested.  Very disappointed.  Digusted actually."
This train is not worth the money
"I searched toddler cowgirl hat.  This hat is way to big for an adult's head!  Also, the top was squished in the box and has a dent.  I was very disappointed!"
Horrible didn't compete a connection
I would like a refund on the 3 items I purchased. I am extremely unhappy with what was delivered as it was not what I expected.
"Fakes, making money off of Turtle look alikes. DON'T BUY!  Just look at them. When have you seen a naked Splinter?"
"I did not get what was pictured.  The picture had a zipper for the change and said it was a trifold wallet.  It is not.  It was a cheap looking wallet that just opened up like a book.  I didn't pay much though, so I guess you get what you pay for.  But, they should send you what is described."
"Despite following the instructions precisely, this plant didn't even sprout.  What a complete waste of money, and a big disappointment for my son who put so much time and effort into it."
"If I could leave zero stars I would. I got this shopkin in the mail today so I could surprise my daughter with it. However it is NOT a real shopkin. The chee zee posted in picture for purchase is NOT what I received. The tongue is the wrong color, eye paint is off, as is the color/plastic this &#34;chee zee&#34; is made of. What's more frustrating is that I paid almost $10 for this thing. Ridiculous."
"Very disappointed in this ball.  The first time my son used it, it started to rip at the seams.  The red ones just separated but when it got to the clear one it ripped down the center and deflated that cell. see picture"
Cheap cheap cheap. Almost broken.
"Not good for travel at all!  Lost the wand in the airplane before we landed and the little shapes were also too easy to loose.  The wand, at least, should be attached to the tablet with a cord.  It also looks cheap!"
Ordered this for my daughters monster high karokee machine. The description said nothing about it being for iPods and Mp3 players. It said it for the karoker machine and had 4ft of cord. Definitely not the truth. Not to happy. No stars.
It came broken so I returned it. :( Disappointed.
The first one I ordered was a ninja turtle sofa instead of the Disney Cars I originally had ordered. The second one I ordered is the Disney Cars sofa but has a tear in it. I give up.
Wasn't what I expected for toddler or older it is to small
"I don't understand why I bought this pen, it is the last century, it is huge and very loud. It is ard to hold and impossible to do anything."
"Cheap, thin, easily splits when putting it together."
I thought it actually screamed. Mine didn't. It's also very small-about the size of a grapefruit.
little look like a toy for toys
"Doordiesnt latch and it really should, kids that can catch bugs are old enough to make sure the door latches. Also the mess is not set well our came out of a corner in a month and had to glue it back."
Not what was expected.  Very flimsy.  Wheels do NOT turn.  No prop.  Stand is vey difficult to put together. Front wheel broken off just after opening.
"Amazon claims it is an exclusive, but release a batch without exclusivity sticker. I could have got this item overseas without a sticker."
Very Poorly Made Came a part on Me Does not mount How Need it to Peace of Junk
👎
Missing the Chima cape.
I don't know why they call it Jumbo if it is very small.  I seen ones bigger than this.
This did not work and have waited to get it picked up and account credited but that never did happen. I only added a star being that I could not submit .
"I'm really disappointed of the quality of these headphones. First, the sound is not stable at all. Not only that, but the color of it is fading like that it is I used it for a long time not that it has been only one week since I bought it."
"If this thing is a 'robot' so is any wind up toy, rc car, helicopter, boat etc. To call this a 'robot' is ridiculous."
"Five years ago we bought this exact set for our daughter and she loved it and played with it for a couple of years, then we stowed it away.  Our second daughter is now 3 and we reopened this set.  Sadly, all the blue parts break just by looking at them while the 4 other color parts seem to be just fine.  To bad that now we cannot build any of the proposed designs. Of the original 25 blue parts, I had 11 in working order yesterday and broke 4 this morning by trying to clip them with other parts !"
terrible
Stone fell out the first day.
This Redcat is worst car ever because I only drove it 2 time then  the transmission broke now I need to buy a new transmission this car is a waste of money.
"I would rate less if I could.  My daughter got this as a bath toy, loved it for a couple days.  Then the fish got tangled up in her hair!  Poor design.  To turn it off you have to twist the head of the fish, not such an easy task when it's stuck in your child's hair up to her scalp! Had to cut the toy to avoid cutting out a large chunk of her hair.  Also, only had it a week and already had to change the batteries."
Nice pencils for coloring.  Crayola works well and sharpens easily.
"Calipers show this to have an inner diameter = 41mm, so it would be tough to fit on our 37mm OD even with the provided weak zipties. I shouldn't have assumed it was metal, but it didn't say the material anywhere. I thought it was a heatsink w/ a fan based on the price. This is just a small cheap plastic fan that's not worth $11.99 even w/Prime shipping."
Vendor canceled the item the kids will never know the fun that was missed out on
The one I received was a dud and unfortunately hubby had already thrown box and shipping return docs away so out $15 bucks
Price.. lol
Description made it appear this was a normal size ball- I was quiet disappointed when I received it and it was a toddler size
Too big for my phantoms gimbal
It deflates every time I blow it up. Made very cheaply.
Promoting VIOLENCE showing a dog with his muzzle taped shut is dispicaible. Who cares if the game is 'fun' as some claim - UGH!
"PIECE OF CRAP. There's a reason seller uses only illustrations of doll. If you see what the actual doll looks like you WON'T BUY IT. Hideous. Cheap. Not even wearing the clothes shown in the illustration but less detailed, really crappy cheap clothing. I didn't even bother to open the box. I'm not even sure I should donate it, if I hate this doll so much I can't imagine any child liking it."
Very poor quality. Beaded handle threaded on a thin wire broke along with the hinge the first  day of play. I expected it's metal construction would equal lunchbox quality.  Amazon should NOT sell this. I resent having to give this a one star rating in order to vomment on this product. .
The miniature arrived bent and warped.  I'm still trying to straighten her out.
"Cheaply made! The 'crank' to push the hair up into the head was too weak and didn't work. I was hoping to give this to my daughter so she could enjoy playing with it as much as I did when I was young, but Not made as well as the ones I played with when I was young. I even thinned out the play-doh to see if it would work then, but it didn't. I sent it back and Amazon paid for return shipping and refund."
"I loved the idea of this wallet as I own a lot of firefly materials and collect them. Unfortunately, I also like to use them instead of keep them as display pieces. While this wallet looks great and even feels great the material the back of the credit card pockets is made out of is very, very flimsy and tore as soon as I put credit cards in them. I love the look of this wallet but will not be keeping/using it because of the poor craftsmanship. I wish someone had mentioned how cheap the insides were before I bought it. I have included a photo of the inside part that ripped to show how flimsy the pocket material is."
"I got this sword for my son because it has a sheath.  The reviews weren't terrible, but they weren't great, either.  We received it yesterday and it already broke at the handle.  So disappointed it didn't last more than a few hours."
not true c rating. alarm sounded as soon as I took off!!?
Flimsy and thin cheap plastic.  Plus any whovian knows that there should be two Hearts
Chain broke 24 hours after having it
"The description said &#34;twinkling lights&#34; which were nonexistent. Also it's supposed to move when you put it on the ground, and it doesn't work at all. The sound is SUPER loud, good luck letting anyone play with this for over five minutes without going crazy. The wings fell off (broken) within an hour of my little boy playing with it. He loved the size and the noise, and had it not fallen apart we would have been fine without the lights or the motion . . . It's a really neat toy, but the quality is below poor. Seriously beware of the sound. Buy ear plugs when you purchase this airplane."
This was the worst pool toy ever. After only one day it would not stay inflated and I trashed it
Cheap - broke the 1st time used. Found a better replacement at Target.
"I was recently made aware of this game and more importantly, the disturbing depiction of a dog with it's muzzle taped.  I'm asking you as a reputable retailer, that you would raise the question to this manufacturer of this depiction of animal abuse really necessary?  I strongly believe this to be offensive and as a person involved in supporting abused animals,  this be addressed as inappropriate.  The repercussions of such an act is extremely damaging, permanent and are causing painful death of animals.  We have responsibilities as adults to remove such depictions that can leave negative impressions on children who could see this as an acceptable act.  I would ask you to please consider either dropping this product, or raising this question to the makers of this game."
"Very disappointed in the quality of this chair. Maybe a defect? The whole bottom seam ripped after a week of my 34lb, 3 yr old sitting in it. We have had the Minnie Mouse version of this chair for 2 years now and haven't had any problems."
get rid of this game. Shameful. Animal abuse endorser. Have you not heard of the horror Dog Caitlin endured? Other dogs tortured with taped muzzles. Shame on you.
Severely overpriced this is a $49 item
"These things are garbage. I bought two nano CP X's, and both the boards went bad on them within a week or two. Then I bought this one as a replacement, and I got 12 flawless flights out of it, put it away for a week. Pulled it out the following weekend and lo and behold, it was doing the same thing as the other two.. just dropping out of the sky and refusing to spin up. My batteries are fresh. Found out if I pushed on one of the chips on the front, something I learned from a youtube video using silicone tubing and a rubber band, I was able to get it to run for a while until the (poorly) surface mounted chip finally stopped working right, probably 12 more flights. Called Horizon Hobby and they were good to me and sent me a replacement. This one, knock on wood, is holding up. Time will tell."
"Like alot pf people are saying, it does not, I repeat does NOT cover the eye like it shows on the image. It doens't even cover the  neck, it just covers your mouth. I could get a black bandana and just use that. look else where."
These are wayyyyyyy too small for an adult to wear. Also very flimsy. Would not purchase again.
Card was perfect but the extra $196.69 they deducted from my account wasn't!!!!!!
"Well, first things first. I'm not trying to mean, but it was packaged in a bag, and it took over 2 weeks to ship. The Hubsan came in the mail, everything worked out perfect, but when I tried to fly it, the controller wouldn't bind into the quadcopter. I tried everything I could do, and nothing worked. It didn't work straight out of the box. I was really disappointed in this, and hope that it won't happen to you. I'm gonna try to return it, and get a new one, THAT ACTUALLY WORKS!!!!!😡😡😡"
"most popped before they were even half full of water, would not buy again"
"We first purchased this pool at our local Big Lots. It's the perfect size for my 5 year old daughter to play in beside our pool when no one is available to get into the deep water with her. While we were cleaning it, it was ripped so I was able to find this replacement. The pool is the same but somehow when aired up and filled with water, it looks warped. It's not a perfect circle and never was and doesn't hold air."
It was OK it is for children not for adults!
"First of all, I paid for shipping and then realized another company sells the same topper with Amazon Prime, so make sure you search carefully at your options.  Secondly, the instruction sheet (which was fraught with grammar errors) said to just put the image in the freezer for a couple of minutes and it should pop right off.  I followed the instructions exactly and the image didn't pop off.  The sheet said if 2 minutes didn't do the trick, put it in for 1 more minute.  I did that.  Still didn't even come close to coming off--think of a paper-thin layer of play dough that crumbles when you try to peel off the entire image.  The instructions said &#34;In extremely dry or extremely humid conditions you may need to take extra precautions.&#34;  But they do not specify what those extra precautions are--basically it's their way of avoiding an obligatory refund.  Our cake plan was ruined since I had kept the image stored till an hour before the party so it would be fresh.  Thanks Have Your Cake 2."
"Perfect for costumes we are putting together, real 50's look"
"Cute, but after single use, it snapped in two!  Not the best quality obviously."
"My son was very disappointed with his brand new $80 scooter, the back wheel fell off the 2nd time he rode it, and the steering fork keeps coming loose, he can't even ride it! He is only 7yr old and only weighs 45lbs. I  can't afford to buy him another one, I'm a single, disabled mother."
The picture leads you to believe you're getting all 6 items. Only one box was sent and it isn't even in the picture.
Horrible! Threw it in the garbage!!!
"puzzle was ok, but company was unimpressive to say the least."
i ordered a mans jacket and received a kids jacket.......unhappy
"Just like Dan Parker said, this smells horribly! It is not the first play mat I buy, and they never smell like this. I'm going to try and return it even though I opened the package."
"Came broke... but it was right before Christmas so I didn't have time to return and decided to glue the bottom piece back on. It worked great for a month and now it does not work any longer. Thought it was the light but nope, its a short in the wire"
This is not nearly add nice in person
JUNK all it does is break get a traxxas
They LEAKED Rather fast
$32.99 shipping!!!  Whooo!!!  What a steal!!
Horrible!!!waste of my money looks nothing like the picture
Great idea but..... very cheaply built. I opened the box and it was broken in 2 places and the O had fallen off. I glued it back together and she was able to wear it for about an hour before it broke again..
This toy is captivating at first however the attention quickly fades and you realize the product is greatly hyped up in marketing.  The toy does not provide an interactive experience as advertised rather it rolls erratically on the ground does not realize it is against a wall or other object and falls over constantly.  The remote control is flimsy and provides very little control of the toy except making its eyes read and moving the mouth however directional control is virtually nonexistent.  Battery power does not last more than 20 mins and then you have to recharge for another hour and a half.  Not worth the time or money
Boat does not go in a straight line
i own alot of d-art/figuarts and this is the lowist on the list brakeing right out the gate becuse his hip joint snaped becuse it was to long and to tight the hands are to big for the bem sword thing im not mad becuse i know this is one of the 1st d-arts to be relessed and im more glad all my later d-arts are a huge set up also i baght this for around 20$ but man pass this one up looks awesome but is a huge let down but dont let this turn you off from tamshii figures becuse this is a rare cass
"I got 2 red turtles and no orange one, was supposed to be a set of all 4, and every single package is totally destroyed...horrible purchase...oh and one of the red ones has two left hands"
Broke right away
Doesn't play music
Came in a baggy.. Looked used.
Bought this for my three kids after hearing all these great reviews. The plastic is no thicker than a tarp and way less durable. My children used it once and the it ripped up. The tabs tore right off and we were left to use stakes which didn't work very well at all. Very disappointed for the money. I should have bought a few tarps and saved my money.
I received something completely different than what I ordered
not good
worst buy ever! I really regret this it was a waste of money!!
never figured this China thing out
Boys were so excited to put this together. We were quickly disappointed. Several pieces were missing. The quality of the blocks are nothing like Lego brand. Very unstable and cheap.<br />Returned and will not be purchasing another.
It doesn't work!!
"This is not an sc10 part. It is old style, no bearings, solid axle."
"returned, its really small, and all of the pieces were the same color"
"Cheaply made, ripped too quickly! Waste of money!!"
"I bought this As a birthday gift.  I bought it ahead of time to make sure he would get it.  It broke immediately.  My grandson is broken hearted.  I went to return it and the 17th was the last return date?  His birthday is the 18th.  So, for one day, I'm at a loss of my money and my grandson is out his gift."
Way too small!
BUYER BEWARE these are HIGHLY over priced for paper plates.  Don't waste your money like I did.  The seller won't take returns unless you pay for shipping.  So you are stuck with these.  I STRONGLY SUGGEST buying elsewhere.  F Rating.
"This was not what I wanted or expected. It's a little cheap and flimsy. It does not always work and it broke after the first use. Hell, i think it broke on the way in the package. It's cheap plastic only good for a maybe a costume and one time use. or pictures."
was missing the feet!!!!
No all silicona

Junk. The first thing my nieces said when they saw them &#34;ugly&#34;. Don't wast money on them. Not worth it. Too small and they look &#34;ugly&#34;
Rubbish!!! Had to dump it. Wrong colours and dried up.
Looks great but ball won't go down without getting jammed! Shame it wasn't designed better.
This is only usable for commander play. Commander is lame. You need to advertise the oversizeness.
Good afternoon check shipping and I missed the two packages Avengers 'Assemble' Paper Masks want to know what happened to those products
It doesn't work. :( we even put fresh batteries in it. Very disappointed
We got this as a gift and my daughter loved it - until she dropped it and it cracked.  I called LeapPad and they said it that their warranty does not cover hardware.  I though the whole point of this thing was that it could take some bumps?
Waste of money. Cheap plastic does not make noise. You touch it and it bends.
Very cheap looking. I was disappointed in this gift for my granddaughter.
Broke after one use.
"This is actually 6 tiny cell phones like for a birthday giveaway, not one bigger phone. It was a disappointment because I didn't realize it was a pack of small phones."
The front of the car was good condition but the back of it was so messed up. scratch from edge to edge. Not worth it
Ordered this for my 3yr old batman fan. Instead of actually getting Batman we got Robin & 2 Superman. Can't really take away a gift he's already opened to try & return it. Totally disappointed with this purchase.<br />The only reason it's getting one star is because it wouldn't post without one.
This does not have lenticular eyea and it is not hydraulic.
These figures are NOT 3&#34; to 4&#34; tall. I would say they are 2&#34; to 3&#34; tall.
I was terribly disappointed with the quality of this product.  First the cardboard is cheap and flimsy and there is a plastic like substance on the cardboard which makes it difficult to color.  Second the product takes at least an hour to put together and some of the pieces did not fit correctly and therefore the castle was falling down soon after it was built.  Needless to say my 3 and 4 year grandchildren were extremely disappointed as the previous cardboard houses/castles that I have purchased in the past were great fun and this one was a bust!
BUYER BEWARE these are HIGHLY over priced for paper plates.  Don't waste your money like I did.  The seller won't take returns unless you pay for shipping.  So you are stuck with these.  I STRONGLY SUGGEST buying elsewhere.  F Rating.
"These are tiny transformers that do not transform. Not at all what I was looking for, and definitely not worth the price I paid."
Poor quality toys. Small parts come off these.
"ITS BEEN 3 DAYS AND NO STAUTE..... SHIPPING IS BALLZ!!! cant wait for it thought, should be great!"
Poor quality. It didn't work. But good probably for make believe with the littler ones.
ha ha FOOLS
plastic is too brittle
really cheap quality. had to return it.
50% could not snap into place and flew off the quad copter at launch. They just fit to loosely and couldn't stay. Aftermarket product...
"The company is not a bad company, they had no problem returning the item the first time and the second time was past the return window so I'm not going to bash the seller/company in any way, the product on the other hand is seriously a piece of plastic that works absolutely wonderful one time. So if u r having a party this is great but if u plan to use it more than once, don't get your hopes up."
The product  is good The price is way to big for small item I find the same size for on $4.99 In target... I feel have been stolen..
"Read the reviews! This is trash. I bought it thinking my daughter could use it but it wouldn't even cut through toilet paper. I'm not joking. I tried to sharpen it with aluminum foil but that didn't help at all. It's just one piece, don't be fooled by the picture."
$ 415 for fake make up? Please tell me what so special about it. I think I would rather go spend $5 on something they are going to loose.
"OK. So perhaps the one star is a bit harsh, BUT I feel as though the lacking product information in the product description made this a misleading product. Yes, it is a bandana and yes it is 22x22 inches. Problem is that they are not cotton. Instead, 100% nylon and useless for soaking up sweat etc.<br /><br />I will probably use these as some sort of camo wrap for small items. I don't know, but not as a bandana...<br /><br />The material they are made from is so thin, I can't even see using these as a blind fold for pin the tail on the donkey!<br /><br />Wasted money"
"When my package arrived, the most inner bag was torn open and eggs and toys were everywhere. I basically had to refill and close every single egg myself, so I noticed there are only three different toys. But the worst part is there are missing toys. 1/8 eggs were missing their toys. I would not buy these again."
It comes with 3 ducks 2 had holes in them
Received wrong fans;(
This is absolutely unacceptable and needs to be removed. Have you not seen or are aware of the MULTIPLE cases of abuse where dogs muzzles were taped and the dogs were starved as well as dehydrated and abused..What is wrong with your common sense.
These were very disappointing. 40% of the ballons came off before they were filled with water. As soon as the water started filling them up they just fell off. Very disappointed children. At least they got some to play with.
The light didn't work on the inside at all!
"If you thought filling your tub with gel was a bad idea and might lead to a few clogging problems, you were right. I cannot get the gel to dissolve even after adding an entire canister of my own table salt. Now I have a wading pool full of blue water with clumps of gel floating in it. Thank goodness I didn't put it in my tub. Guess I'm going to be straining the gel out with a colander so it doesn't end up all over my lawn. Total nightmare!"
"The size are for small mouths, if your going to ware them."
"Arrived quickly, but horrible quality!  I opened it up and some of the decal was stuck to the plastic bag that the backpack was inside.  Some of the decal on the lunchbox is already peeling off and we just received  it in the last 30 minutes!!!"
STOP EMAILING ME ASKING FOR REVIEWS. FAIL
"The flower pot is plastic, that came crumpled. The magnet wasn't even strong enough to do the trick."
Costume  was damaged so I never used it. We ordered this for my daughters birthday party and even paid for expedited shipping. Sadly because the dress was damaged it was a waste of money.
"It does not glue the puzzles evenly. It bends the puzzles because of the strong bonding.  It works well with smaller puzzle like 6 x8 not 1000 pieces.  It ruins my starry nite 1000 pieces. So i try to test it out gluing only the back of  Dr. who 1000 pieces, it stills bends my puzzle, I used mod pod on the front."
"It's need to do one thing: suction to the wall. It can't do it. Suctions come bent, don't buy it."
While this product is listed as a genuine Metal Earth kit by Fascinations what we received was an inexpensive knock-off product. The kit we was a poor quality imitation and not a substitute for the genuine product. It is disappointing and it appears from other reviews we aren't the only customer who had this problem. Got a refund.
Worked longer than the others (it broke on the 2nd use). Not recommended.
"These hats are absolutely awful. They do not fit an average adult-infact they hardly fit the smallest head of a child in my 3-4 year old preschool class. They are awful quality, fraying, and are SO small. I will not be using them and am very disappointed. I ordered on July 11th amazon prime and not not even get them until the 18th. Overall AWFUL and worst thing I have ever gotten on amazon."
"Ripped off. Came with NO DARTS. No upper Leg Armor, and the icing on the cake? No bloody battery port cap. AKA IT CANT WORK."
Not what I expected
"Not what it looks like in person When I received it, it look like an evil witch"
All pieces were not included in the box.
These do not glow at all!!!!!
"Was so excited when this arrived but after only a few hours of my daughter wearing it, it completely fell apart.  A seam on the dress ripped and the cuffs ripped off of the cape.  Could be so cute but unfortunately have to return due to quality!"
Way too small....
Horrible... The toys itself was dust and didn't even work. The box was damagend and retaped... Looked like it it was in a basement for 20 years.  The shipping box was fine.  I would not even give it a start.
The duckies don't stay afloat an they till over bad review for this item
"stop powering up, even after keep charging it. I want a replacement or a refund. I used it twice in my apartment and stop working"
This &#34;glow in the dark&#34; glasses do not glow in the dark.  It was a bit disappointing!
Both back wheels stop working
"My son wanted this train so much and when he earned the money to buy it he was so excited and counted down the days until it's delivery. We received it today and he was over the moon it came a day early, unfortunately his excitement dwindled when it worked for 2 seconds when the battery was placed in it and then it stopped and no longer works. I figured the battery was old but even with a new pack of batteries it doesn't work anymore. Would not recommend for purchase unless your plan is to crush a 5 year olds heart."
"Confusing, not easy to read by a 4-5th grader. Should have got my money back!"
Be aware they ship used item. I just received package today when I opened it I habe noticed it was used and dirty. I have to keep it becuse the item is discontinue by manufacturer.
just como me one figure T.T  5 dolars
$15 for a logo guy- yikes!
"So disappointed,nothing like pictured item.Was sent a replacement that was no better.Dog does not even have a mouth.Also am so frustrated at not being able to contact easily."
"All items unglued from the plug after two pool uses.  Sad, my daughter loved them and is a huge Frozen fan."
This float broke the first time I used it.
Most did not fill up.  Would not recommend this product.
Stopped working  within an hour of opening.cheap af
Used my set for first time yesterday.  Where the pusher connects to rack on (only one of them) was bent not allowing the pusher to extend fully when pushed out.  Pusher okay but rack is bent.
Its a fake card and its not even a secret  rare. ..dont waste your money
"This was advertised as blind box of 6....wrong! Such a waste of money. Poorly advertised and I spare you the horror of buying 1 FIGURE. And to think, this one small box would cost you 49.99??? Enough said..."
My son had this product all of two days before it broke. He had been very gentle with it but one complete blade assembly denigrated in flight. I returned it to Amazon and that experience was great they gave me no hassle. And I ordered a different product and is working fine too this day. You know the rule if twenty of this same item were sitting on a table I'd pick the defective one.
Very complex.  It's like going to business class and not enjoying the education.  All most fell asleep reading the instructions.  Way over priced and not a good value.  It is so boring we didn't even finish the game.  I would like to get my money back.  Read Robert T. Kiyoski's books.  They have much more content and are fun to read.
"These have been up in my son'd room for about 2 months now. Mater is still up there like a champ but all the other decals from the Lightening sheet are falling off. Lightening never stuck from the beginning. I wasn't too upset because of the price, I figured I got Mater and friends for less than $20 bucks, not bad. Now that the others are falling as well, I am giving this one star and saying don't buy!"
"Ordered two boxes, but have only received one.  Unable to find who I should talk to about missing order."
this bear was not stuffed well it lips are loose and the construction feel cheap. Decent price for size but quality just isnt there.
"I liked the idea of attaching it to a headband to make it easier to wear. However, the Item showed up bent in different areas causing it to actually be harder to wear. It wouldn't stand upright. Also item appeared to be discolored and had tiny rips around it."
It was broken :(
Blades were not true. The vibrations were so bad I had to use older blades. And they broke anytime they hit anything.
Would not hold air after a week of use
"Bought product for weekend company expecting one use per comments on ratings.  Did not even get that: could never get water jets to adjust properly to hit slide area. Complete waste of time and money, plus disappointed grandkids. Would rate less than 1 star if possible."
"The accessories magnets don't stick at all, we had a very disappointed little girl on her birthday! Returned for a refund."
Esc burn up on me in one day was really upset because im new to this
This item lasted 3 hrs and then it started falling apart. $60 bucks down the drain.
A poorly made knock off version of James George's Invention of the ITR Levitation Device.
It is broken
"It has 99 balls,not 100."
"Very small, very disappointed. I should have checked the measurements before I ordered, also took longer than expected to get once ordered."
This is being kind.  I didn't order this Junk !!
Late and damaged
Wasn't even CLOSE to as big as they were in the photograph. These are like baby sized glasses
"Complete Junk, never buy"
Item is not as expected. This is not worthy at all.
Purchased for a pool party and maybe 3 out of 24 lasted the hour and a half in the pool.  Many didn't even last 10 minutes and a few even came apart after only a few pumps!  The kids loved them but were quite frustrated that they kept breaking.  Great fun while they worked but should have just bought more water balloons instead!
This is made out of cheap foam and it looks nothing like the picture. It easily breaks and the paint looks like cheap spray paint.
Poorly made.  Smelled funny.  Not in boxes as shown.  Went straight into the trash can.
"Got the product 5 weeks after the order if made. I was really anxious and excited to open the mail but got really disappointed. These toys are in extremely inferior quality. The paint messed up everywhere on the toy, and it dropped a lot when I was arranging them. One of them definitely can't stand by itself. Poor quality for sure and the worst collection I bough for minions."
Very cheap made product.  Drone does not fit inside as shown in picture.
I bought this product TWICE and could never get it to work.  I used every time of bubble solution and still nothing.  DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY.  BUY THE CHEAP ONES FROM WALMART.
pvc sent only half.
It broke within 2 weeks
The remote control that I received was totally faulty. And could not really fly this thing. On a rare occasion it works.
Terrible quality. It broke within 5 minutes of opening. My son was devastated.
Bought  this 4 my daughter every small pocket small in size over all
"Worst purchase ever... The fillings are sealed with little plastic bags that can easily break and make a terrible noise when handled. It is akin to the noise produced when handling a diaper. If you like playing with diapers, these could be for you."
"Worthless.  Of the ~80 or so balloons on each bunch, roughly half would fill, and those only 1/2way or so before dropping off.  Then the seal didn't hold so they leaked what little water was in them immediately.  Had to have five adults all grab the balloons and tie them shut in a vain attempt to make them usable.  Switched to &#34;name brand&#34; balloons and they worked perfectly."
Cheap. The lid broke after one day.
These are all fake the fluffy baby is isn't even fluffy!  don't buy!!
"This was supposed  to be a new unit purchased with the frustration free packaging. When i got the unit it was obvious that it was used and repackaged. There were scratches under the slide mechanism indicating it was primed several times, the barrel was loose and wobbled, 4 of the 6 darts had impact scratches on the orange head, the barrel release button is stiff and scratched, also several nicks and scratches along the barrel and handle. I am very disappointed because this unit was supposed to be new. If it was marked used i wouldn't have minded but I paid for a brand new blaster and got a use (functional) unit instead. I think something has to be done."
Disappointed in the crayon. They seem to have too much wax and the colour is not as vibrant.
This is just thin plastic
Very small plane. I really cant see it
Used the slide 3 times- small holes and broken stitched allowed water to seep inside slide- ran blower for 5 hours to ensure slide dried properly and still ended up with a moldy mess- warranty company &#34; toy inquiry&#34; was horrible and told me mold was &#34;cosmetic&#34;. Do no recommend. The store I purchased it from took it back thank god!
"These might be OK inside, but I bought them for outside.  All the &#34;flags&#34; have come off the &#34;rope&#34;.  The flags are made of a very thin plastic, that  tears right off in any kind of breeze."
Stayed inflated for one day. Very disappointed.
"Good idea, crappy reality. Arms aren't strong enough to handle a crash. Broke an arm on my maiden flight????"
This should be no stars.. Would not stand up in pool.. This was a complete bummer!
"I bought this product and the inner tube blew at the seam only after 20 minutes after using it for the first time. We were just sitting in the tube not even moving when it blew. I weigh 160 and my fiance weighs 185. This product only lasted 20 minutes!!!! I tried to call Intext customer support. It took me 10 minutes to explain to them that I wanted to talk about the &#34;River Run II&#34; product. They had no idea what the &#34;River Run II&#34; product was and I had to google the product to find the item number to give them before I could even talk about what happened. They told me that they do not warranty their products and that they wouldn't send me a new River Run II or any patching materials to attempt to fix the problem. They said that they couldn't help me, the refused to let me talk to a manager, and they told me to feel free to write a negative review on their product."
"I had this thing for maybe a couple weeks when it broke open a bit and leaked the sticky stuff on my couch, thankfully only a small drop. I threw it away and won't be ordering again."
The baby alien's tail broke when I was loading it into the egg. The rubber they used for this is not what they should have used. The rubber was more on the plastic side which is why it snapped (rather than tore).
"We received this as a gift, as I could see what this is a mile away and would never have purchased it myself -- especially for the price.  It's a cheaply-made gimmick marketed to kids as a &#34;fun&#34; way to make homemade ice cream.  Ironically, it's far easier and far less messy to just make homemade ice cream at in a &#34;real&#34; ice cream machine -- and the machines are about the same price.  The mix needed to make the ice cream is way over-priced and once we've used it up, we won't be purchasing more.<br /><br />First, the instructions that come with this toy (and although it does, in fact, make real ice cream, it is absolutely a TOY) are awful.  You can get there eventually, but they're difficult to follow for parents and children alike.  You can get there eventually, but the first time we used this, we spent more time trying to figure out how all the pieces fit than we did making the actual ice cream.<br /><br />My little girl had fun turning the crank for about 2 minutes before she tired of it.  But, as indicated in the instructions, she cranked for 10 minutes and ice cream did, in fact, come out.  But here's the kicker:  Predictably, there's very little payoff for the work done.  As one can expect, there is far less ice cream than the pictures indicate.  But even at that -- there is FAR, FAR less ice cream than the pictures indicate.  You get about 4 spoonfulls of ice cream after all your hard work.  That's it.  My kids were very disappointed.<br /><br />And the mess.  Egads, the mess.  Granted, I encouraged my 10-year-old girl to do it all, and there were the spills that come with that.  But still.  This product is very messy to deal with.<br /><br />My suggestion is buy a real, non-toy home ice cream maker.  Get some good ice cream recipes and buy all the ingredients, and then teach your children (and yourself?) how to make real ice cream.  I've been making ice cream that way for two decades, and it's a million times easier, a lot more fun for the kids, and nets a fraction of the mess, even if you allow your children to do all or most of the work.  AND those machines and recipes will net you at least a quart of ice cream (depending on your model and recipe), so there's enough for everyone to enjoy a small bowl instead of merely a spoonful or two.<br /><br />If I had bought this myself, I'd return it for a full refund.  It's garbage.  It's going to end up in the &#34;donate to charity&#34; pile."
"The one that I got worked for the first 3 charges, then after that the copter would not even take off after a charge"
Will not float upright.  Head to heavy...
"Stupid me didn't pay attention and thought I was getting all 4 folders for the price. WRONG--you get ONE folder(and it's not any of the ones pictured), what a jip! Learned my lesson to read carefully next time!"
You don't offer color choice? Don't sell stuff then...
Package came tapes shut and all crumbled. And it didn't work. At all.
Dress and veil are different color
Didn't get to use it because it kept on falling. It won't stand on its own. It's flimsy. 😰
no adaptor for any easy way to inflate. -
Quality is beyond poor even for a kid's costume. Will be going back to Amazon.
"I love this stuffed animal, but I don't actually own it. My friend has it, and I really like it, but how am I supposed to get it if it is $90?!?!?!!?!?!?!!?! I would give it more stars, but I can't see why Ganz has to do this to kids like me. I sometimes think that they don't even care that a bunch of collectors are wasting their money on something that they wont even play with, and all the kids out there can hardly get a few. I am really disappointed in their attitudes about this, because I sent them an email complaining about it, and all they said was 'We can not tell you exactly why we stopped making this product', which I translated as 'Buzz off'. If any of you don't agree with me, fine, but maybe people should take a moment to think if it's right."
"Nothing but static, broke my son's heart not to be able to use them."
"It died within 4 months of extremely light use.  It was not dropped or banged around, nothing spilled on it.<br /><br />We went to turn it on the other day and it wouldn't turn on.  Changed the batteries, tried plugging it in using the adapter, nothing.<br /><br />For the time it was in use, it was great for little hands.  My son was able to pick up rapidly the coordination it took to play the games.  However, not worth the money for the console and games for a 4 month use.  Unfortunately it is also past the return date.<br /><br />Would not recommend."
Did not receive different cups as shown.received 4 of the same
Received it and went to go get it filled and olaf had a hole!!! what a waste... it was an olaf party too....
Received missing parts and doesn't work. Because it was a Christmas gift we didn't use it until summer so couldn't get a refund. Opened and threw in garbage. Very disappointed 5 year old. :(
"Loved the pool is nice and colorful. My daughters had lots of fun with it, but after first use none of the rings would hold air :( Had to throw it away. I payed little over $6 for it plus another $6 for shipping so it wasn't even a deal to return it. Disappointed."
All four of these got holes in them within a week of having them and my kids playing with them. Not a very high quality product especially when it is something to be played with by kids. Very disappointed.
"The lip gloss, shimmer and nail polish expired in Nov. 2013. This was a waste of money. Wish I'd never bought it."
Its not white. Its grey. Not white. And it came in a big box and when i opened the box there was the mask. Smashed in. Guess im not wearing it for the event im going to in 2 days
"Wow! These things smell horrific! After opening the package, my 9 year old granddaughter won't wear them. So I tried taking them out of the bag and laying them on cardboard in the sunlight. Three weeks later and they smell just as bad."
Fake lego!!!
it didnt meet my satifaction at all :-(
"Could not tell the letters apart, the Q looked lie and O, the F looked like a P, the B looked like an E, etc. It was difficult for an elderly person to play."
I saw the picture but got nothing but a dang Premiere Party Set....
Within first ten minutes cover fell off.  First time tried to ride it started shaking as soon as we stopped and tried to dismount.  Tried numerous times it kept shaking so bad I felt it was two dangerous to ride so we stopped.  Money was refunded and ordered a new one maybe just a bad one.  Amazon is not so sure about the item yet like I said above maybe just a bad one.
Product was not as described. Much smaller.
"I ordered &#34;50th&#34; and got &#34;70th&#34; . Shows 6 which my fault for not reading description, and you only get 1 ! Not a very good deal."
Great toy and service but broke twice. First time the string came out of the motor. Second time the treads were not made right so kept slipping and jamming the movement. Maybe third order is a charm...
"SO DISAPPOINTED.  The shirt reads LDN not LON DON.  Looks like shady merchandise to me.  I will be returning it. So sad, it is absolutely darling."
"Have you been longing for the simpler days, when internet required a dial-up phone connection, Bill Clinton was the president, and the Zach Morris phone was cutting edge technology? Then you should buy the LeapPad Ultra! If modern tablets are too lightweight and you prefer the heft of a three pound brick in your hands, you should buy the LeapPad Ultra. If speedy downloading makes you dizzy and you prefer to see a never ending &#34;thinking&#34; cycle, you should buy the LeapPad Ultra. If you miss the sweet tap, tap, tap of the stylus on your long defunct Palm Pilot, you should buy the LeapPad Ultra.  The LeapPad Ultra... Bringing late 90s technology into the 21st century!!"
Very fragile
did not work on my son's spiderman car. the red light on the charge comes on just for few seconds and goes off and never charges the car.
"Adapter doesn't fit or should I say doesn't stay connected, even though it was advertised to work with my Leap pad or perhaps I was sent the  wrong one?"
"I ordered this phone for my son, only to receive a completely fake phone that did not have any of the features mentioned. Needless to say, it went back the next day."
"I bought these for my son's birthday party. The product pathetically lived up to its name. It filled maybe 2/3 of the balloons initially and then about 15 to 20 min later that number dwindled down to about 14 balloons. It seems as though the o rings are too big and don't have enough force to seal the balloon so the water just squirts out. Won't but these again. Don't waste your money. Just fill them up old school, in the sink."
Broke on first run.
"Ouch!  Not at all like the show... cheap, flimsy, none of the good stuff. Save your money and make up your own... It would be a better investment. I returned this game pdq."
I was very disappoint with the quality of the stickers. I will not order from this company again!
Arrived in a perfect  outerus box.  But was damaged in the box awful
I am so disappointed. It looks like a roadkill Takara Tomy plush and can't even sit up right. It's kind of soft (once you get used to looking at it's ugly face) but the stitching is really bad. It looks absolutely nothing like the elegant glaceon in the picture.
It was never clear what these &#34;coins&#34; were made of. Disappointing.....
Bad quality. I will not recommended.
Spinner broke 15 minutes into use. Screw holding spinner to back board was stripped. Not too happy with this at all.
Sorry.  I was very disappointed with this purchase. The vendor makes it sound like it is a pack of cars.  There is only one in it.  So I was hugely disappointed for what I paid.
These were a total waste of money.  I bought them for a grandchild's birthday party and despite the parents helping the children the things just broke one after another.  The quality is terrible.  They also did not work well in the bubbles for various reasons but primarily because of their poor design.  Considering this was to be a major part of the kids entertainment it was very disappointing.  I would never recommend this product.
This product leaves your hands stained.  I wish I could get a refund.  This was a waste of money
This is one of the worst quality puzzles I have ever received. The pieces are very lose fitting and worst of all most of the pieces themselves are damaged. I am not pleased and will not be purchasing any more puzzles from this company.
Crap! Nothing hatched but water fleas or whatever they were. Returned it.
Xmas gift for my 8 year old. Just an inflatable chair that 98% of it refuses to stay inflated. After less than 10 min the chair would sink in. Huge dissapointment to not only my daughter but to me as well. Checked for holes can't seem to find anything. Going to inflate it a few more times and then basically trash it. What a waste of my overtime money.  I think orbeez should really do something for basically robbing us of our money.<br />#singleMom #hardWorking #idontLikewastingMoney #iHaveBillsToPay #whatDoIdoWithThisJunkNow #neverBuyingOrbeezeAgain
"Got 4 cheap junk ones that dont fit, guess 4 junk ones are supposed make up for 2 good."
Ordered the swing twice and both times had to send it back. The harness was not adjusted correctly. Very disappointed.
Not worth the money. Finished product looks nothing like the picture. Cant tell wbat is what. Had to use multiple coats on the lighter colors and still the numbers were visible. Worst one I have done. Would not recommend. Very disappointed.
"Not pleased with the performance....after buying and charging 8 additional batteries I took the Syma clone out for some night flying out on the beach. The first flight went good, good flight characteristics, on the second flight I noticed some erratic movement.  Upon startup on the third flight one of the motors was spinning way too low, then a second motor started to do the same thing.  So after two flights it now sits on a shelf while I fly my DJI Phantom 1.1.1 which now has close to 300 flights without any issues."
My Granddaughter Didn't like the taste at all. This was a waste of money.
I was very disappointed in the quality for the price and will be returning this product. It looks like the props are gold glitter in the photo on website but they are only printed to look like gold glitter. The stickers are only small round labels that you usually find in the store for paper work. They do not look big enough strong enough to adhere the cut outs to the stick. You get one sheet of 20 so no extra. I was so excited to use this for a birthday this weekend but they're just not worth it and now I'm out shipping cost to return as well.
"Very disappointed in this product. Would not recommend this item. Small, hard to assemble, falls apart even though we super glued together."
Do not waste money on this!!!! Completely overpriced and ridiculous.  Basically a tinee tiny mre meal. Would give less stars if possible
"Very poorly made; broke easily, and the claw doesn't even pick up candies very well.  It's also really noisy.  Piece of junk. Stay away."
"I would give this slide 0 stars if I could. I have purchased two (not through Amazon) and I had to share my experience so others didn't make my mistake. The slide itself has a good concept. It was fun for the kids to slide through the water streams. However, that didn't last very long as the item is constructed with very thin material. The first one I bought was damaged from the box! Thinking it was a manufacture's defect, I returned it and bought a second. The second one tore after only fifteen to twenty minutes of use. It tore on the under side of one of the water strips. The three kids using it kids were supervised the entire time. There was no misuse.  They had fun while it lasted...I just wish it lasted longer than not even one full use. I am very disappointed."
the drain hole in the bottom leaked from day 1.  I returned it - it wasn't worth the money.
The posts do not stay in the holes. I even tried tapping them in with a hammer for a tighter fit to  keep them in.  It repeatedly just falls apart. Total wast of money and time!
Upon arrival the top of the box was slightly damaged.
Doesn't fit !!!
"Wow! I've got to be blunt- the paint job on this figure is crap! I've collected probably 40 or 50 of these pops,and this is the first time it's made my jaw drop just looking into the package.it looks like a three year old or an alcoholic with the D.T's tried to paint this.it would be laughable if I hadn't just wasted 10 bucks.please be warned,this is the first time I've been compelled to write a review over quality.its terrible!"
"Cute balloon but the ears were made by papers, and my 15 month old girl ripped them in 2 seconds."
Horrible fabric its cheap and itchy. I got a small and put my hand through the sleeve of it and I had to scratch my arm the second I pulled it out definitely not a good buy looks great in the photo but its not good quality at all I wouldn't make my daughter wear this for even half an hour its that bad I threw it away.
Bought 5 of these kits for the girls to do on our beach vacation- Followed the directions carefully. All 5 of the foot prints we made cracked instantly from removing them from the sand after they dried. We were very disappointed. I would definitely not recommend purchasing this item.
"I'm very disappointed with this Furby I thought he was new because he cost as much as one I bought in the store 3 years ago. He is suppose to be a gift to my 6 yr old granddaughter and I have no instructions on where to put the batteries it doesn't stand up straight. and the box is in bad shape. her birthday is in three days, I dont have a thing to give her all she wanted was Furby. I dont even know how to return it I've got no Address label or paper work on it"
It's too expensive
We spent a half hour and 8 batteries trying to get it to work but it never even turned on.  My kids cried and wined for another half hour after that.  Huge disappointment.. to say the least.
This was garbage. They don't work
While we were able to fill several at once they didn't all fill up and most that did began to lose water while sitting in the bucket of water.  I had hoped it would save me some time on party day but we still ended up having to fill them one by one.
I purchased this for my grandson's seventh birthday. He loved it but his ants only lived 4 days! Not sure if I want to spend more money on ants. We followed the directions perfectly. :(
Blaster Parts offers $32.99 shipping!  Whooo!!!  #TheRealDeal
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0009U6XMK?redirect=true&ref_=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0
"This isn't &#34;plush&#34; at all.  It's a stuffed animal made of very thin polyester.  Just FYI in case you are looking for one with more velour like material, this isn't it."
Oh my god. This figure is HORRIBLE. I'm not sure if it was the buyer I got it from or what. But it is just terrible.
Did not work well.  Was disappointed.  Definitely not &#34;hours of fun&#34; as other reviewers said.
it already had a hole and it is not well put together
"Garbage. Broke first crash because the ball joints are only pressure fitted in, so with enough pressure on the dogbone, it bends the metal shaft and pulls the ball right out of the hole they shoved it in. If they were threaded, I'd imagine this would have held up much longer."
it wasnt what i ecspected :-(
Ripped as soon as the kids got in it
It had a hole in it like a moth ate through it
Playdoh is great. Bad description. These are tiny 1 oz containers.  NOT 8 oz.
It did not work and not what I thought it would be.
Worst drive shafts ever! they fell apart 45 min after I put them on.
Does not fit either the Hero 3 or Hero 4. Scratched up my brand new Hero 4 Black :(
Not happy at all. Said it was a set of two and only came with one. Cant contact anyone for help.
This is a piece of junk.  I thought about sending it back but truthfully I'm just going to put it in the trash so I don't have to look at it longer.  It was falling apart upon delivery and sounds like a dying animal.
"Battery will not charge.  After being plugged in overnight, it will only hold a charge for 90 seconds or so.  Not sure if it is bad battery or bad charger, however Amazon refuses to do anything stating that this item is non-returnable.  What makes it even worse is that nowhere on their website it says the item is not returnable."
Does not retain air. One of the air plugs won't stay in so air escapes. Disappointed.
"Terrible, cheaply made toy.  As others have said, you have to have to hit the launcher with just the right amount of force for it to work, which is touch to impossible for a little kid.  Furthermore, the gates at the end don't stay in place.  First, you have to be very careful about setting them up and have a very light touch.  Then, even if you get that right, often the launcher causes the longer gate to swing open and move the short gate, which means that the cars derail before hitting the winner circle."
These are great to lay on but rip very easy up by the head rest. Bought 2 and they lasted 2 weeks.
"It was poorly made, parts fell off quickly and disappointed my Granddaughter on her Birthday.  I was very dissatisfied with this purchase."
"Poor quality, sheets and pillow cases wrinkle too much when I toss and turn on them."
It popped on the first tubbing trip (one of the tether straps pulled the plastic apart)
I received two of the same happy faces (Orange) so I'm missing one.
ORDERED 7 NOT ONE WORKS AND BANK ALERT ON CARD AFTER ORDER
"DO NOT BUY!!!!!!! I wish I had read the reviews before I had bought these... Clearly FAKE!!! Package was opened and taped shut, Shopkins were all the wrong colors, 2 didn't even have the copyright stamp on them!! How sad."
Horrible quality.  Came apart the first day out of the box while just carrying it around.
Not what I expected
Didn't work at all.
One of the lights quit working within a week.  The other two colors light up the fiber optics at varying amounts--half are bright while the other half barely work.
I bought this for my daughter and will not let me return it the leg  came right off do not buy junk
Poor quality and poor shipper. Product had dead batteries. Wheels don't work even after replacing batteries.
Much rather step on legos
"We bought this for my one year old back in  January, She has maybe used it no more than 10 times. The side mirrors are loose, the windshield popped out, & it takes like 3 days to charge now, which totally sucks because your baby has to wait forever to use it. The car has good features the headlights turn on & it makes an engine sound when you put in the key but it looks cheap from the bottom. It is not worth it!!!"
Missing one of the pieces. Instructions not helpful at all. I had to go to find directions someone had rewritten on the Web.
"defective! The unit turns on, but i'm not getting any power to the RX."
I received 4 doubled pins even though it states no doubles and a lot of the pins that weren't doubled were very similar. I was disappointed there wasn't a better variety
Came missing the wings and pieces. Also pretty dirty. Had to clean it.
You said easy to install? Blatant lie. A stick pushing the hole still doesn't work.
I ordered 2 of these for my twins. One of them the velcro straps were off when I opened the box and the other one had seems that were falling apart. Would have been the same to use a piece of cardboard
"if i hadn't kept it in the box so long saving it for a present id have returned it, instead it just got thrown in the trash! markers didnt work with the board, useless without the markers...waste of money"
Broke within a few days of receiving. But I was refunded immediately when I notified Amazon.
Family did it too fast.
"It was adorable and well-packed...but it doesn't work. At all, under any circumstances or in any kind of light. I don't think it was damaged in transit, so I guess this one is hit-or-miss, in terms of whether it will work for you. Sadly, I don't recommend it."
Would not connect to get games
Very cheap. Only thing that works is the annoying sound.
"BlecH!  Never worked well, despite repeated efforts.  Kind of a neat idea, but a waste of money."
little pieces in the pool skimmer basket... all the time eventually in the trash. To soft the baby took a bite out of one.
Did not come with the stand.  Never worked.
Doesn't have good suction at all
This costume just arrived and it doesn't look anything like the picture!!! My daughter is really disappointed!<br />The zippers aren't even real. It is a picture on the very cheap fabric. Don't waste your money on this costume!
My daughter loved this at first but then she got frustrated when the register wouldn't open each time you would push the button. I tried also and it was somewhat difficult. Kinda disappointed.:-(
"Terrible, a piece of garbage! Wheels fell off, windshield cracked. Do not buy!"
Balloons filled and were small and then within 5 min they all lost their water.  I was left with a full bucket of water and no filled balloons. I used 4 boxes for a large picnic and  by the time I was done filling all four boxes the first had no more water.  I'm going to write the company.
"Super disappointing to buy such a seemingly well designed WOODEN toy, then receive it and discover the mallet is plastic. BOO!  2nd toy I got from Hape in two months that showed a wooden item and arrived with plastic parts...guess they are taking the cheap Chinese road like most other toy makers.  Hape-either update your item pictures to show what you are actually going to ship, or we are done with your products..."
Not exactly the size i recommend designed horribly
"I LOVED THIS at first! It moved like a real fish in the pool, it was great! Then after about 4 uses, it is completely dead! Changing the batteries is really difficult, which we had to do after just a couple uses. Now after the fourth use and trying to change the batteries again, it's not working. Really disappointed because it was so much fun and great in the beginning."
Too much plastic!! I want wooden toys and here the pine is plastic. Too bad.<br />I returned it.
"Awful, waste of money. Dosent meow, it squeaks. Threw it away asap"
"No words to how disappointing this toy was..its So tiny,and for the price I paid its robbery!!!...You can find better toys at the dollar store...it doesn't deserve the star.."
"Way overpriced for the size. I'm not saying isn't worth it, but not over $900."
Didn't work. Waste of money. Got caught with it anyways. 🏃
"This was not a real &#34;Moomin&#34;, cheap knock off from china. Was looking for a replacement for my sons favorite toy so I know hwat they're supposed to look like and this one was not it. BUt not worth the $ to return so we just have another white hippo for the toy box"
Way too small for my daughter who is 2.5 years old. She's 30th percentile on growth charts since she's a twin. I wouldn't purchase unless it's for a 6/12 month old.
Didn't like. Poor quality. Scratches and dirty faces. Would not have ordered if I knew the quality was going to be so bad.
not at all what I expected!
"unfortunately, the polka dot cover fell apart after one or two uses"
The mask was not at all like the picture. I was disappointed that i was lied to of the product. I will be purchasing cosplay via someone else.
I was really expecting something different.
Cheap toy didn't work properly. Glad i was able to return it.
Stopped lighting at night after one week. Cleaned solar panel to no avail. Contained no directions on how to fix it.
It leak in to the legs of the table.
It stopped working in 1hour
Absolutely terrible balloons better off just buying balloons and filling them yourself. These fill to just under the size of a baseball and they slowly leak out to empty in about 10min waste of money and when they start falling off the straws the other don't even fill up bought 120 and only had about 15 good balloon by the time we got them out to use. Very displeased.
How large is the figure ?
My daughter got this toy for Christmas and played with it for about five minutes and hasn't played with it since. Which mad me mad because this doll was not cheap. I hated that the head was so heavy and the rest of her body just didn't go together good. I would not purchase another one of these dolls. I am so glad that she is done with that stage.
This is joke right!!!
"Bought a Banksy Bundle off eBay from this guy. The tenner note was a reproduction aka fake Banksy tenner. The bundle for 215.00$ consisted of a fake Banksy tenner, a damaged sticker that is very easy to obtain in sheets not rare like he stated and a small envelope with banksy stamped on it."
this is bulls***
Won't charge the controllers
Horrible item. Half of them came empty and the bottles are poorly decorated.
Did not come with all the parts. Never worked.
"The real brand name for this toy is simply &#34;Jazz Drum&#34; and not &#34;Velocity Toys&#34;. That said, for some reason all of the 3rd party sellers of this toy like to brand it as their own so you're not going to the same item on one Amazon product page. Therefore you're not going to see all the bad reviews on one page.<br /><br />[Good]<br /><br />It looks great, in pictures only.<br /><br />[Bad]<br /><br />Everything about this set is cheap. About the only thing that's actually metal are the cymbals. Everything else is a combination of really cheap plastic and card board.<br /><br />Not all of the pieces are made well. One of the plastic pieces that holds a cymbal, wasn't formed correctly so it didn't hold the cymbal correctly.<br /><br />The whole thing is very fragile. This is stupid when it's for a little kid banging on stuff.<br /><br />The instructions are near useless. It's hard to see and there's barely any text.<br /><br />[Verdict]<br /><br />Don't waste your time with garbage. A real, durable drum set on Amazon starts at around one hundred and twenty dollars. A full set that looks like this toy, starts at around one hundred and seventy dollars."
"Bought 2 units, to use one for a 200W solar system, and to have one as a spare for other projects. First one stopped working (no display) after about 2 weeks. Second one stopped working after about a week. Nice design with good specs, I just wish they were reliable."
As others have mentioned this piece is very fragile and was broken within minutes of putting it on. Don't waist your money.
"Damaged packaging, clearly open and abused. Defeats the whole purpose and not what was described at all."
Ordered this to have bubbles for my daughters birthday pictures as well as use for her birthday party.  Plugged it in and nothing... didn't even make a sound like it was trying.  Luckily I had a back up for her pictures but I am returning this and going a different route so I can have a bubble machine for her birthday in time.
This mask is garbage.
It does not stay together long. with the first pull or push it falls apart.
"you get what you paid for ,better off spending more money and get the metal one"
"Don't buy this!!!! Its sad because its really fast. For the price it seemed like a great setup but now i know why. First drive Lower A arm broke, ordered all aluminum steering to replace$$, Then the chassis cracked at the front making it weak so i purchased the carbon fiber big $$. It seemed ok at this point lots of power but it still had issues every drive (lower A arm pins would slide forward every other jump, dog bones would bend under the power esc would cut off even if i was just trying to stop and go in grass, wheels were always loose feeling) I kept a tool kit with me at all times. The final straw was the esc burnt out and a new one is half the price of the truck and all of this happened in 30 days? Parts are not available in hobby shops, you have to order and shipping is not cheap. I put as much into this truck as i paid for it and have a parts truck now. No truck is bullet proof so buy one you can get parts for locally."
This did not include Bonus Zuma and Bonus Rocky as stated in the description!
"Not what I expected, it said flask which it wasn't.  I got rob . should have gotten my money back or a replacement for a real flask."
Where is this adjustable strap? Because mine does not have it and the ears are very small compared to the very big hat<br />And ears are not fluffy
"total piece of junk...the on/off switch on the back slides freely up and down between the circle and the line and will not hold in one position, so the watch is basically inoperable...When I called V Tech customer service they said it was out of warranty (we had received this as a gift in April and just opened it up) they offered me a 50% discount on a new smartwatch....heads up V Tech....that &#34;customer service retention&#34; program is not working......save your $$$..."
"These are clearly not real Shopkins! Not only are they painted poorly, the colors are bleeding off  of the intended area, but they are different colors then what is even  available for season 3. For example Toastie Bread is only available in brown and orange. I received blue and green. The packaging was faded, scratched and partially opened upon receiving them."
Does not fit on my Phantom 3.  So I returned for a refund.
"Bought this to carry bills EXCLUSIVELY. As I carry a wallet for cards but prefer to keep cash in my front pants pocket, the idea of padding the clip with cards makes no sense to me. Neither does folding the bills for greater volume. Bottom Line: If you only have a few bills, the clip slides right off them. And no, you can't adjust the pressure on the plastic (sorry, carbon fiber) clip itself. The etched design is nice."
I love Melissa & Doug products but every time I purchase a sound puzzle they do not work very well. This puzzle just randomly makes the sounds and does not make the sounds when you put the pieces in.
"Do not waste your money. They ride up because they are not long enough, wrinkle because they are not wide enough. I tried everything to make this work."
This cube broke in the first day my so had it. Very disappointed. Decided not to skip back as it would probably cost more in shipping than I spent on the item.
"Horrible.  Out of the twelve dinos, we got only FOUR different species.  All doubles with some triples of the same species.  Ridiculous."
Again missing the cape.
"Awful! It's super small, and sounds like a toy piano not a real one"
did not work
I bought a bunch of these to put money gifts for Christmas.  Complete garbage -- every single one of this broke and I had to throw them all away.  Don't waste your money.
"My daughter was so unhappy with this item and she is a child that is always happy with everything.  If I could have given it zero stars I would have.  The reason she wasn't happy was when you open it up all the pages are white and blank.  She wanted some fun writing on it.  All because she found mine from 1982 and loved it.  I'll admit that when I saw the blank pages, I thought, &#34;WTF?&#34;  Don't buy it.  It is something you could make with a eliminator at a teacher store and it would look much nicer."
Aweful quality
"Not worth a penny - had to send it back for a refund, which I received quickly."
Got it today and after a look over 1 leg wasent stuffed and there was a hole in the tail. Luckily I can fix it my self but disappointed I have to. It is cute but wish I disowns have these defaults.
I do not recommend this toy. My seven month old stuck his index finger in one of the holes. It got stuck and was cutting off his circulation.
too small for that price
It was a size small and the boot cover came ripped.
"Arrived today, none of the images here are what you get. You don't get 240 darts, that I guessed would be incorrect. You don't get 20 red and 4 green. You get four packs of six knock off nerf mega darts that are all red, don't whistle, and are poorly glued together. Don't waste your money on these."
Smaller than expected and the weight limit is a joke. If ur child's more than about 25 or 30 lbs this isn't for u.
"Pre-ordered a Brotherhood of Steel figure, only to find out that my order got changed to a super mutant. Had to cancel, very disappointed."
Worst toy ever it doesn't make the forward sound and has very poor range and would keep stopping even though I held forward. This toy is just complete garbage do not buy
Purchased two boats and they did come so that one frequency controlled one boat and a different frequency for the other boat.<br />Purchased spare batteries.  All batteries charged and went to pond.<br />One boat worked for 10 minutes - and then nothing.  The other boat worked for a full battery and was fun - and then didn't work with next charged battery.<br />Double checked all batteries charged.<br />Both boats do not work now.<br />Would highly recommend against purchasing.
Tiny and cheaply made for the price
"Wow, the quality was very poor and despite the new packaging I could swear this item was used it is so loose and brittle. Immediately one of the hands crumbled apart when I removed it to switch to his open gun hand. I'm quite disappointed and frankly surprised to get something from a Japanese company that is so crappy."
I thought it said 10 separete pieces 13inches long.<br />Not one 13 inches long.  Can I return it.
I was so excited to get this from my daughter and I would echo the other review that said it smelled awful<br />When it arrived. It smelled like old paint and frankly I am afraid of giving it to my daughter as she may put it in her mouth. Also the pieces didn't match the picture. It said it had 10 pieces but what I recieved only had 6.
"The most terrible product ever.  I bought it, opened it- attempted to insert the valve and it was completely sealed shut so I had to gently poke a hole (twenty minute process) while avoiding popping the material. Once I accomplished that (FINALLY!) I had to find an air pump to try and hold the nozzle to because they make sure to make the nozzle as awkward as possible to try and force you into buying their s***ty air pump and blow it up. Blew it up half way and let my two year old play with it on CARPET and flat linoleum flooring with absolutely nothing sharp around and within 30 minutes it exploded on her. RIDICULOUS..."
"one router won't spin, so haven't been able to fly it yet"
Directions are in Chinese. My 6 year old isn't quite there yet.
When this arrived it looked nothing like the photo... it was actually almost pink in color and did not have any of the hair.  Very disappointed and returned the item immediately.
"Cheaply made, break easily"
If I could rate negative stars I would this is horrible don't waste your money let alone your time looking at it.
No keep water in good!
Board snapped in half after light use. I'm 135 lbs. Poor quality!
"This is a bad product that doesn't work and simply false advertisement.  My kids were excited out of the box, but first thing first.  The colors don't match at all.  &#34;Blue&#34; is white powders, &#34;Yellow&#34; is orange colors, etc.  So I figure maybe it glows into those colors.  Wrong!  It does NOT glow at all.  What a waste of money and this is blatantly false advertisement.  I am very surprise Crayola does this.  I've always considered Crayola to be an honest and fair company, but I guess I was wrong."
"The box is warped so the sides don't meet the bottom.  It's supposed to be held together with tiny tacks, but the sides and bottom don't meet securely, so if I put the sand in it, it will leak out.  I will glue and clamp it and see if that works, because I don't have time to hassle with returning it for a replacement, and from the looks of the cheap construction, I'm not convinced another one would arrive any better.  Once I fix it, it looks like it'll be fine, but I didn't buy this planning to finish the assembly myself.  Very poor quality box."
I bout this booster box a seconed time and boosters were all ready opened some only had three cards most had four looked like someone raided it for the expensive cards. i spent 88.00 and paid for one day shipping for a brand new box not someones leftovers. i have 100 and was soppose to get 150 30 boosters 5 in each you do the math so upset id take a picture but i doubt it would help my case
I'm returning this wig because it didn't fit our average size 4 year old. It was far too small!
"Thin cheap plastic and no on/off switch. It runs constantly unless you unplug the 9-volt battery (not included). Be careful with the battery cover. It is so thin, it can snap in two in your fingers. Amazon does not care about the quality of these items from China."
"Although my grandson loved it, arriving significantly past his birthday does not score points with his grandmother."
Promoting animal abuse is not a game.
"Very Disappointing!! DOES NOT WORK - Ordered 4 and 3 do not work properly -- 2 won't pump up at all.  I could understand having one go bad here and there, but this is a major design flaw.  Reached out to company with no response.  Don't risk making the kids cry when they get them and then they don't work."
"Cute, but will not stay inflated :/"
The nets aren't deep enough and the ball just pops out. My kids ended up using it as a net to try and catch fish in the water instead of its intended use because it didn't work well.
Too small to play.
Cheap. The door won't stay shut. There is nothing to keep it closed. Very disappointed
"missing rods to make kite fly, worthless. Didnt open it til vacation to late to returm"
This kit is a cheaper made version of the original intended High grade.
Several balloons were green with white polka dots. That is not what I ordered and will not be what I can use for my daughter's party.
"not for small kids, they broke it right away, the pearls"
"I bought this solely because I wanted a mini football for playing in the pool that wouldn't take on water and get heavy. It is advertised as &#34;all weather&#34;, &#34;all conditions&#34;, &#34;Play like a pro in rain...&#34;.  However during our first use it completely soaked up water through a hole on one end. I bought one at Walmart that was only $10 that is fantastic. It doesn't soak up water at all, yet wasn't even advertised as water resistant."
"GET THIS OFF OF AMAZON! I just rescued a pit bull mix who suffered having her mouth taped shut and was starved. She has damage to her muzzle, a tooth and her tongue. This is the most disgusting picture to display on a game. Animal abuse is NOT a joke!"
"too small and the color were not similar to the original, too expensiva than amiami.com"
Package was damaged upon arrival. Anyone who collects figures know that that's a big deal.
These cards are so stiff that you cannot shuffle them without a great deal of difficulty.  They are also very slippery and slide all over the table.
"*This review has nothing to do with the seller*TI was not happy with this product! The water sprayed about 2 ft into the air, only about half of the hoses worked, the others just hung to the side like a dead flower. My children were upset and sad. I do not recommend this product at all!"
"I followed the instructions to set the alarm. I tried all three alarms. I made sure the alarms were ON. The behavior is this: if you set the alarm for one or two minutes in the future, it will work. If you set it for a couple hours in the future, it will fail to go off. I tried this over and over and it's the same thing every time. Pretty useless alarm clock if it only works when you set if a minute before it is supposed to go off."
This is a Chinese counterfeit product
these are tiny! The photos are misleading.
"All caterpillars were dead, dessicated, and black upon delivery.  Fail."
I had to change my review...I got these for $1.00 so I know It wasn't a lot of money but my daughter has special to her pencils that have designs and characters on them that she loves. And these grips do not work. They slide right off. I haven't tried to see if the work on a regular old fashion number 2 pencil but I pretty sure they wont work. So I don't know why people are giving 4 and 5 stars. Have they even tried them on a pencil???
It arrived on time but does not work
"Product is way smaller than pictures indicate.  My 4 year old has a hard time fitting into it.  Therefore, kids used it as a large<br />floating donut as it wouldn't roll.  Deflated on its own slowly within the first couple hours.  Can't find a leak. I should request a refund.<br />It shouldn't even have 1 star."
"Only 26 assorted stamps. Lots of repeats! In the box to 3 identical pieces! The one who was putting blind or what? Why would a child of 3 identical print? If only I could go back, I immediately returned!"
"what a waste of money! i should have burned the cash, it would have been more entertaining. This little piece of _____ does'nt even fly. buyer beware, don't buy this. It will cost too much to ship it back to be worth while, so into the trash it goes."
"Color of there choice.  Mine has a crack, but no leak so far.  Not bad.  You get what you pay for."
Beard paint job was unaligned
The speaker wire for the under water speaker has broken off and the top speaker/radio no longer receives the signal clearly. This happened after using it 4-5 times only (within the first week)
"Illustrations are horrible. Dog's nose and mouth taped shut is absolutely unforgivable.  This should never be sold as a &#34;family&#34; game with those kinds of images on the cards.  I truly hope this product will be removed, that image and all other images of violence will be removed from this game and it will be repackaged with appropriate images."
had a hole in it
Don't waste your money. This lasted 30 min in our house. For some reason it just stopped working.
"I purchased these even after reading the poor reviews. I was thinking that for the price, you get what you pay for and I was willing to risk it for my daughter that isn't really swimming yet.  These cheap things broke BEFORE my daughter even had the chance to wear them. They're not even worth buying if you find them at the dollar store.  Don't waste your money."
broke the first time I flew it. Doesnt work.
Only 1 worked and took a long time to receive .
"Total waste of money. Followed the directions about charging for four hours and then it worked for only five minutes. Called the company and they basically said that was expected, and that we should charge again...which we did...and again it worked for five minutes. ????? Wow. They would not refund us."
"Do not order this unless you have 12+ hours to assemble.  Read all the directions before stArting because there are *ammended instructions in the back. This was poorly crafted and a headache. The instructions are vague and make proper assembly impossible the first try. Even once it is assembled properly, pieces do not fit or square up like they should. Would never recommend this and would return it in a heartbeat except for the hassle of breaking it down into the million pieces it came in. You'd be better off and more satisfied building from scratch."
"Not metalic, very small shine."
"This price has to be a joke,  right?"
Love it. And my grandson loves it also
The curtain arrived used. The packaging was taped and the curtain had a big rip in the middle that was taped over. This is unacceptable.
"Awful, bought as bday gift for daughter and returned this cheap product because it didn't function for our 3 ur old and was hard for me to try to make work (trap door very stiff and doesn't let dolls they, slide pops off every time it's touched and kid can't put on etc)"
"Horrible. Most of the balloons either had holes in them once filled, deflated within minutes through the opening, or never filled in the first place!"
Cheap plastic. Treads fall off. Several other peices fell off as soon as I got it. (The door and mirror)
"M&D have a variety of products that are great learning tools and creative toys, but some of their products are poorly constructed and cheap. This is one of them. The letters are very thin and covered with paper that was already pealing off the letters when I opened the package. With the age recommendation of 3-5 you would still want these to be able to withstand some wear."
"I was extremely excited when my order came. But when I opened the package, the  teeth were broken in half."
"I would not recommend this items I ordered 3 packs and none were Dinosaur Mask they were other animals pigs,cows etc very disappointing I cant even use them for my sons party"
"Very disappointed. Bought for my son's birthday. When we opened it the night before his b day to put it together we realized it was missing one of the clips on the bird's side which is definitely needed to be able to use the product. And of course when I go to return/exchange it, the period to do so has elapsed. Waste of $$"
"I love the Wizard of Oz. But this is so thin, similar to the Tin Mans Heart.  Overpriced for the quality.  Very thin hollow plastic."
"Cheaply made, broke immediately, poorly created. My 8 year old was gentle with it and still the remote broke right away. Requires 5 double A batteries and does not reach very far at all. Wouldn't buy again."
Terrible plane...don't waste your money!
"Doesn't work - well. it worked for about 2 minutes!  CRAP - threw it out!  What a waste of money!  I'd give it ZERO STARS, if there was such a thing!"
LED goes out with gentle tap/bump of baton.
Completely cheap product.  I bought it for my 2 yr old and I returned it within an hour.  I would not buy.
Like other's have said is is not made well at all!  I wasted my money as I did not even get it on all the way before it broke in two different places.  Absolutely horrible!  The top portion that holds gimble in place broke completely off and the lens cap cracked  near the slotted portion as soon as I tried to push it over the lens.
Cheap Chinese illegal counterfeit.<br /> I am the designer of a line of custom LEGO(r) accessories: CombatBrick here in US.  They stole the design of one of my toys and started to copy without my permission. Thieves!<br />http://combatbrick.com/index.php/product/40-modern-warfare-45-submachine-gun-smg-45/
These party favors don't make noise....what a huge disappointment for the kids!!!
Really should be no star rating for these guys. They false advertise tires that rip apart. Get it. Thanks. Go kart dreams will still live on. Not with your rubber though. No refund either. Great. Slap to the face.
This light saber does not extend with a &#34;slide of a button&#34; as described. It is also very light weight.
broke
the trigger is a false trigger.  to shoot this you pull the back and let go and then the slug goes all but 3 pathetic feet.
Waste of money. My daughter wanted a rock candy maker for months. I bought this and it is some test tubes a string and flavor mix. We followed the instructions and waited for a week for the rock candy to start to form on the string and nothing happened.
dead on arrival.
The tropical breeze looks great but as soon as we pumped it up the center went flat. We tried to return but the shipping fee to send back is 40.00 and you can buy the same one at Costco for 100.00
"I was expecting to get some goon ass stickers like in the display pictures, except I got some weak hello kitty stickers"
We have high pressure water and it cracked the internal working within a couple days.  Tried to fix but for price it wasn't worth it. Just tossed it.
"The idea of this product is great, and my baby loved being inside the mushroom pool but I am very diappointed that it deflated with in 2 hours of inflation. Since it was a bday day gift bought early, I could not return or exchange it. Just be aware of this issue."
"Dont be fooled by the image ,its very small (8 cm) ,also the one that arrived didnt have the same color as in the picture ,it was brownish and most likely used before.<br />Would not buy again."
"It was very disappointing, the ants never createdone tunnel and died."
This toy is very cheaply made! I tried to return it and the company never contacted me back. What a waste of money!
Thought it was going to be a little bit bigger.
"I just got this in the mail 30 minutes ago and already have it ready for drop-off at UPS.<br />This helmet is HORRIBLE. it is completely deformed. The visor has snaps in the front to open and close but I'm not sure why. As long as the visor goes up and down, do you really have to secure it in place when it is down?! One of the snaps is really hard to close and the plastic on the side is bent and sticks out. The visor in the front on the bottom is not clean cut across but ragged and it looks like somebody ripped it across. The strap underneath is way too long and is the kind that you have to weave through the metal. Not kid friendly at all! The foam inside the helmet looks like it was just stuck in there any which way.<br />I know it was only $7 but I did expect more. I can't put this thing on my kid's head. My son is autistic and I already know that besides all the other issues, the helmet is too narrow for him, hugging his head entirely, no space around the ears. This was supposed to be a birthday present so I can't have him try it on but I know my son and I know this helmet would freak him out. It's like putting a plastic bag over your kid's head.<br />I will spend a little more and get a nice round helmet! Do not buy this thing!"
Sent the set back. It was not even the colors or design pictured and was very flimsy looking even in the packaging. Not worth the money. I can get better from the dollar store!
They are so small more for shelf decor definetly not beside
This was the absolute worst children's art studio you can find ..  Very difficult to put together and started to fall apart after very minimum use. Piece of junk
Working good forma one day thats it
"This product did not live up to the hype of all the other reviews. About 5 of each pack of 25 actually held water for more than 5 minutes. We tried lessening the flow of the water, making them fuller and nothing work. Total BUST!"
My bobble head arrived on time but the head was broken off.
Did not get Blue eyes white dragon figure. Got summoned skull instead
Doesn't get hot enough
Extremely disappointed.  I did not inflate very much.  I used it for the first time yesterday.  Seams are already showing strain with holes.  There doesn't seem like a way to contact the seller.  DO NOT PURCHASE!
The plastic snaps a bit too easily and the mesh comes undone after a month or so of use. Pro: comes with two. Con: they both became useless after a few months of moderate use.
"It works, just think it's a waste"
"Too same for German Shephards, and NOT worth the $$$$. Found better at Family Dollar for less"
"This rc boat was a waste, it never worked.the batteries were charged, and everything looked fine, but it didn't work."
Item is very unsafe purchased for my 3 year old granddaughter was completely blown up she barely leaned to the side and completely flipped over
"does not work.  the &#34;magic&#34; gloves are just regular cheep gloves you could get at the dollar store.  The bubble solution hardly even made a bubble, and when it did, it popped as soon as my kid touched it.  Basically this made my child very upset and sad."
The balls were great and very effective in our show. We did find one defective one that did not light up at all. I give them four stars.
Very disappointed!!! Might have been our fault becausd there is no size list but this ball is a small baby ball. I feel robbed :(
Very disappointed. I ordered these after carefully reading the description and reviews and was expecting the white rectangular 6.5&#34; long paper treat boxes. What I received was a pack of frosted white plastic Chinese take-out-style boxes barely three inches in height from Oriental Trading Company (big enough maybe for a few pieces of candy). Not even close to what's pictured or described. So it's a pain to have to repackage them and send them back then take a gamble on ordering the boxes I need again.
My little girl loves this. But the plastic clip broke in half even though she wasn't playing with it that much.
Plastic and to small!
didn't work at all
not at all what expected
Not what I expected at all. Wanted videos
Do not buy this. It is not as advertised. This is not for syma x8C
Not even up to cheap squirt gun standards
"Product is okay, but it took forever to deliver.  Also it has a metal rod in the middle to help it stand on it's own which makes it not cuddly and is smaller than I would have expected."
Item arrived broken!!!
Paint jobs are horrible on the faces my box arrived already opened legs are uneven so won't even stand
Returned because it did not work at all.  It was almost like the holes that put out the water were in the wrong place.
Did not state size of doll on the buyers page. My daughter was upset because she though she was going to be the size of a baby doll.
"Little kids hat, will not fit a normal size head"
"terrible game had Army and no Navy, grandson cried when he found out"
"Came with a hold in the base, had to return."
"This boat did not work at all.... I think we got a bad battery. It would not charge, or it could have been broken somewhere else. Unfortunately, we had to return it."
The notebook is to small
Upset I thought it came with everything in the picture paid way to much for what I got  could've got it for cheaper elsewhere. It is cute tho .
Super disappointed in this balloon I bought for my nephew's Looney Tunes birthday party! The balloon was filled multiple times with helium and would not float. It would deflate in minutes! It didn't appear to have any holes either.
"Barely 5&#34;, nowhere near 8&#34;. Looks well made, never opened it. I had a baby, forgot about it, and ran out of time to return it so it's still sitting in plastic on my counter, but I regret the purchase and it was not as described. Not worth the money. Cute, but just... Disappointing."
This worked for a whole 5 minutes before it broke. Don't waste your money.
This product is extremely cheaply made.
After three hours of trying to put this thing together we will be returning it and my wife and I are probably going to divorce court.
Within 2 hours the plunger got stuck and the toy stopped working. Returned.
"wont stay inflated.  its a pain to drain, clean & refill.  wish that i had not bought it.  such a pain, we never use it"
Picture on box shows a blue and yellow plane but plane inside box is all grey. Thought this was misleading.
"cheap plastic, sharp unfinished edges - don't buy it"
junk !!
IT was horrible. I am sooooo disapointed! IT took me 30 min to make 2 small blobs. Then it clogged up and thats 70.00 wasted!!!!!!
I was so excited to give this to my son for Christmas but after he opened it and tried to play with it we realized this toy was a piece of junk. we put the batteries in and turned the dial and ......nothing. There was no sound from the microphone. We were so disappointed. My son was looking forward to singing to us and never got the chance because this mic didn't even work. Bah humbug!
"Only 2 of the pigs worked and they barely sound like pigs when the button is pressed, also the ones I received were very pale pink<br />& very skinny not like the picture at all ..... All these factors combined makes for a total waste of money."
The game clearly didn't have all of it's pieces which was noticeable as soon as I opened the box so the description was way off. I wouldn't have bought this if I would have seen the condition of the game.
"Useless. Need full daylight to see screen. No backlight.  Also, no way to  go directly to target square - must go around all existing numbers and work your way over to the target. It's exhausting."
poor quality and never worked.
This product was recommended to me when I bought Khet 2.0. It does not work with Khet 2.0. The pieces are too big for the board.
It took every to get it started then it broke.Total waste money for a 14 old.
"After two times sitting in it for about half hour it ripped , child is about 25 LB"
"Got to me broken, if it wasn't broken 3 stars!"
Didn't fit my infant of 10 days old. Feet elastic was too big and head band. Wanted this for the summer but just didn't work out
Completely unusable!  Do not waste your money.  The tiles DO NOT slide at all.  It's just a completely frustrating experience to use these.
The picture and description are misleading.  Really should indicate that only QTY 1 glitter putty is included in this order.  Very expensive for just 1...rip off
Toooooo GLITTERY !! It came in broken.
"I did not receive this pen, but rather a cheaper version made of felt rather than plastic"
"Completely worthless, cheap plastic, nothing in description. Was damaged upon arrival and might as well have been a shredded plastic bag even if it wasn't damaged. Unable to contact seller. Unable to return product. Have contacted Amazon customer service for refund. Will never buy again."
I bought easel paper roll yet when the package came i saw that i got table top paper roll! Would not even bother to send it back.
Slide hose connection was terrable it leaked at thr start  and would not spray<br />correctly. We had to set uo a sprinkler to use it
the model arrived with a broken wing strut.  It was missing from the box so could not repair.
No where in the add does it say &#34;mini&#34;  but that is what it is!!! TINY! SMALL! MINI!
It broke the second time I pulled the trigger.
Balloon never showed up on time..then one baloon came in.
"This was supposed to be a boat that would help if my other rc boats got stuck, but on its first run it malfunctioned. Such a wast of money."
(WARNING)NEVER BUY ANY VENOM PRODUCTS! If I could give zero stars I would..battery lasts about 6 charges then puffed up like a balloon. Then to get my warranty replacement they expect me to open it up & take pics of me testing each cell to proof that it's bad.. like a balloon battery isn't proof enough!
"Do not waste your money on this crap. The fabric is so thin you can see through it. The workmanship is very poor, with many seams left unfinished, and though the photos make things look nice, the garments are nothing but cheap costumes. I would bet money that all their merchandise is made from the same cheap fabric. The price is way too much for such garbage. The old saying comes to mind, &#34;You get what you pay for.&#34; In this case, you get far less than what you paid for."
I should have listened to the other reviews. Suction cups do not work. Very cheap and does not work.
Too flimsy and over priced!
Not at all what I thought they would be. Very disappointing!
the mallet broke on the first day.  When you use a two part wooden mallet against a wood ball even a 4 year old can break it easily.  I do not recommend.
Fake
"Breaks within five minutes of play. I've bought two of these now, but I certainly won't be getting any more."
Bought these for high school aged kids to use. Filling the balloons water sprayed everywhere. Half the balloons had holes. Balloons only filled to be size of golf balls. Very disappointed. Had to go buy regular water balloons. Plus the price was way to much for the poor quality product.
"The toy is nice, but majority of us buy to keep in box, and the box was destroyed and crushed.<br />Arrived Pre-Open and damaged box"
It wasnt workn when it arrived.my grandson loves vaccums he turned 2 on his bday and didnt kno the difference..and i didnt want to pay to send back...😐
this thing rules for about ten flights then one motor then another one gone and there is no way to axais it so I will give it a :(
Cheap and cheesy
The arms came detached from the back of every one of these that I bought. Useless now.
Returned arrived with box all dented and crocked wings. Not as shown.
"I think it is disgusting that anyone would sell this game with a picture of a dog with its mouth taped shut! There was a dog that had her mouth taped shut in real life - her name is Caitlyn and she almost died thanks to the crappy person that owned her. There has been several other animals that the same thing has happened to as well. Animal cruelty at its best and we glorify it with a picture on a game for FAMILIES to PLAY????? Seriously Amazon, I thought you would know better!"
Worst purchase red  stripes were torn when opened
"I was disappointed in this model. I have a nice collection of Lego Architecture models, which I have displayed in my studio, and I love them all. This model however, does not fit in with the other models both in terms of scale and design interpretation. The model is clunky and out of proportion and does not express the timeless elegance of the original building. I has the appearance of a heavy and awkward monolith. I ended up returning it, which thanks to Amazon, I was able to do. Regarding the quality of the product: it is perfect like all Lego products. The instructions were easy and fun to follow and the information book was very well done."
Was very disappointed when I opened this up for my son's birthday and we were missing the number 4 and you get two of each and that was the only one missing not happy
My Dji Phantom 2 is not working and i tried recalibrating it and it did not work
"[[ASIN:B000IZYWF6 Classic Wood Chess Set]]<br />I was under the impression this Chess Game Was NEW, if so why would it be Re-taped?<br />And Top of box damaged?<br />I haven’t, and am also afraid to open this box!!!<br />I've added photos if anyone would like to look..."
"Don't waste your money.  The color shifting works for a few days, but if the car is left in the heat, it will fail to change colors afterwards.  For the price, these are absurdly bad."
The remote was useless.  It required a Chinese plug.  My Grandson was not able to play with the remote.  His mother is still looking to buy whatever plug required to make it work.  If she is unable to find &#34;the plug&#34; the toy will be returned.
"Fun doesn't have to be gross. I'd love to see a clean version of this game that wasn't based around sex, porn and immorality! After taking out many cards that were so inappropriate, I ended up throwing the game away. Waste of money!"
Broke within the first hour and the box was smashed when I recieved it.
The size of this toy is not worth the $30.00 price tag.  It is roughly the size (length) of a dollar bill.  I was expecting something different.  I returned it immediately.
They were much smaller than was indicated.
It quit working after 2 weeks.  I've made sure the batteries worked and everything.
"For the price I was not expecting much.  But, I did expect it to work; and, was disappointed when the lights did not turn on.  Plus, the tiara is sized too small for an adult.  But, it did fit my 2 year old yellow lab.  So, for the party, I wore flowers in my hair and the dog wore the tiara."
The item was not working properly mainly because the air was escaping from the sides of the base. We fixed it somewhat by gluing around the edges. Not worth the money.
"The plexiglass came scratched and not really suitable for display. The holes were stripped, preventing the two sides from being bound together and as a result the cards slipped out."
Not a good value.  Balloons are very thin and burst easily.
For 3 dollars what should one expect. Does not work. The seller was good about offering half refund. I just think this product should stay in the country that manufactures it. The picture is better looking than the Quality of the product.
Cheap cheap. The straps broke with in 45 minutes of having it. Cheaply made for the cost was very disapointed. Also it is small like toddler size not for a big kid.
Too thick to hold any cards .
"This sheds all over, seems cheaply made. I ended up taking all the discarded feathers and using them in a craft project instead."
The Microphone broke same day my granddaughter used it.  The box was thrown away so I wasn't able to ship it back since I'm from out of town.
Didn't come with an eye patch. Disappointing.
Did not work after several tries. Item shipped from china. Did not even come in a box. Big waste of money. Very disappointed
Terrible. Ugly. Creepy. Misshapen. Just don't.
"very flimsy can really only support the weight of a  bed sheet, the fort size you can build is very small, might work for a toddler ,my 7 year old was having a hard time putting the rods in the balls it's a very tight fit I had to help. I thought I would just let the kids have at it and create a cool fort but they get discouraged and want to give up .  for the money I was expecting a better product I thought maybe if I got another kit it would be better but it's not worth it every time they play in the fort I'm worried it's just gonna collapse and break"
I was really disappointed with my purchase. I bought this for my son's birthday but when I opened the box it had a very strong smell. I couldn't give him this toy in good conscience. I wish it would have worked out.
not as the photo
"Didn't work,  very disappointed"
This is made out of paper thin plastic. It wouldn't survive a night of trick or treating.
"My niece was so excited to receive this for her birthday, only to be completely disappointed that it did not work at all. Went to return and missed my 30 day window. Not okay!"
Music not clear.  Cheaply made.
"Only worked for a few seconds.  I removed it from the water and got it as dry as I could and it worked again for a few more seconds.  I couldn't recommend this to anyone if you plan on actually using it in water.  for display, it looks good."
The arm deflated the first time it was used.  It was used by an 8 yr old girls.  Do not buy.  Junk!!!
"Software wouldn't load properly, and it wouldn't recognize the controller."
Quality is not good; one of the four we bought is already splitting after only a couple weeks of light use.
Looks nothing like the hat In the pic. Antlers are super small.
Barely changed color and then stopped doing it all together and just stayed the same dull color.  Got this to add to the splash science lab (which is also a poor purchase).  I would stay away from these sets since they are a total waste: stick to tracks that let the kids race or do loops instead.
Print on t-shirt was very faded. Ordered another one and it was just as bad.
1 piece missing.  Would not buy again for fear it would be missing a piece.
material was so fragile that merely handling it resulted in perforations.
"I am very disturbed by the message this game sends with the horrible picture on the front of the box.  I foster and provide rescue transport to animals who have suffered abuse at the hands of idiots.  I have been made aware through the rescue groups of several poor pit bull dogs who have suffered near death circumstances because of having their mouths taped shut by idiots.  This is a disgusting photo and sends the wrong message to people who think that sort of behavior is &#34;fun and games.&#34; It isn't.<br />If I could give it ZERO stars, I would."
We opened it upon arrival and when we turned it on we notice that the blue light wasn't turning on.  It went orange to green and a long dark pause in between that would be for the blue light.
Does not work as advertised. Horrible waste of money. Really a cheap toy and a dumb design. I would have given 0 stars if I could have.
vibrates and does not fly.  Horrible<br />Don't buy it
my vision had a chip in the cape and the comic book was all folded up not happy
"Not happy. Love the color but could not get them untangled. my guest and I tried for hours, but they were so tangled in the box that they arrived in, it was impossible to detangle. very, very disappointed."
"Very thin material, all jammed in a box and bent/tangled. Might use the surviving ones for party favors. No good for outside use at all."
Great idea but the minute you see the tickets and feel them you can tell there fake.
Cheaply made.  The plastic near the hose connection popped on 3rd use.
it reached to me with out stick and remote control !!!!!!!!!!!
Item did not meet expectation. To small did not fly.
"I returned it.  It didn't fly right.  It would lose connection at about 10 ft. It would fall like a stone, then one motor would run full speed on he ground.  Had to turn off both copter and controller every time. I replaced it with a standard cx-10, and my 6 year old flies it very well."
Absolute piece of garbage. Does a good voice encryptor actually exist?
"hated this, its cheap and put together poorly"
"awful product, gems were falling out all over the place, waste of money"
Alligator didn't hold any air
did not have all the parts
"Worked for two bath times and hasn't worked since. My grandson was very upset and wanted us to fix it. Changed the batteries, cleaned it out. Nothing worked. Threw away all the packaging so I couldn't return it. Great concept very poor execution"
Notebook to small
This is not the Older version I used to play as a child. The picture that was used to advertise was the older edition. I received the new edition!
"This toy fell apart almost instantly. The head came off, then the tires around the wheels then the battery compartment. After two days my friend had to throw it away. This should be taken off the market."
"Maybe its just the seller I bought these from (called shadow dancer), but I bought 4 packs of these stickers and I received zero from what I saw in the customer photos (which is why I bought them in the first place). I figured I get some lame ones or just bad in general, so I ordered 4 packs expecting them to be somewhat random. Unfortunately, none of the stickers I got were shown here and really none are cool. Pretty big let down not getting even one sticker I wanted out of 400. Also it was kinda weird receiving kid stickers in a set labeled &#34;Skateboard Snowboard Vintage&#34;. Feels like a waste of money."
Looks nothing like a Newfoundland.
This is awful! It only lasted like 2 minutes before the entire thing fell into pieces! Tried putting it back together but no use cuz it keeps falling apart again and again. I only gave it one star cuz I had to.
THIS PRPDUCT US TERRIBLE I LEFT IT TO DRY FOR 24 HOURS AND IT NEVER DRIED IT DOESNT HAVE ENOUGH TO MAKE A CASE AND GETS EVERYWHERE IT CAME WITHOUT MOST OF THE STUFF TO DECORATE OVERALL THIS IS TERRIBLE PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS THIS IS A WASTE OF YOUR MONEY
disappointed in quality
"We LOVE SET and we gave our game away recently to a student who was enjoying it and so I ordered this one thinking it was a travel version of SET and it is very inferior. I thought it would be the same size as Spot It but it is about a third of that size. SUPER tiny. AND it only has a third of the original cards, which is frustrating because there is totally room in the can for a whole set of cards. It makes the game go really fast (like 2 minutes fast) and is not near as fun. Super sad we bought this instead of the real game."
The rear hand strap came cut on arrival.
Batteries were dead when we received this.
Too small
Save your money. Bought this for my 2yo's bday. The hat is flimsy material with a paperboard bill. He will destroy it in 2 seconds. The whistle takes a lot of air to make noise and doesn't sound right. And the bandana smells so strong of chemicals that I won't even give it to him. So disappointed!!
Screen printing was very poor. Started to be visible cracks before even trying it on.<br /><br />Returned right away.
"My son wanted this more than anything for his 7 year old birthday.  He screamed when he opened it.  Within five minutes of playing with it he said he wanted to return it and get something else. I bought this because there wasn’t anything else like it and I thought it “would do” but it doesn’t.  It’s plastic. A piece broke within minutes of playing with it, the scales is all wrong, pieces don’t stay together...what a waste of money! DO NOT BUY!!"
"Would have been great if they had sent me the item shown in the picture. Instead, Flashing-Panda tried to send me a cheaper pair (I ordered 100 of them) that don't flash, that have much shorter horns, and no center label tab as shown in the picture. Classic bait & switch!"
"This was an item our granddaughter placed on a wish list for her birthday. It arrived very poorly sewn and the embellishments looked as though they would not stay attached at all. Our daughter was able to make a few tacks and corrections to salvage the piece, but it was really disappointing quality for the price."
Gun was the wrong color and the packaging was retaped. Very disappointed
"The belt is nice quality. It's thick and a bright, fun yellow.  But the mask is thin. It's edges are not smoothed down, so it pokes and hurts.  It also left black marks on my daughter's face."
Look elsewhere.  This thing is junk.  After 10 min of flight one of the motors stopped working and had to be replaced!
"Was smaller than in picture, the whistle did not blow."
Wizard of Oz Tin Man Heart Clock<br />Material- Poor. Extremely thin plastic. Hollow. will have to put where no one can touch it.<br />Size- good<br />Quality- less than party favor quality<br />Price- about double what it is worth<br />Recommend? Not unless it wont be handled.
script to small for me to read
This is overpriced. I just bought this at a local shop for $6.95....
It would not hold air from the start
Took item out of wrap it broke
I was disappointed with this item. The kids kept flipping over. This was a waste of my money.
Could not get it to work right Not worth the money.
"My son LOVED the design of this backpack.  However, it was super sparkly and glittery.  He was upset that I bought him a girl backpack.  I wish that this design came in mat and that the description had mentioned the glitter."
JUNK - CHEAP PLASTIC TOY LOOKS LIKE SOMETHING OUT OF A MCDONALD'S KIDS MEAL
"Bought for our baby's first birthday party.  Deflated within two hours.  (All of the reviews that state the top does not stay on are totally true, as well.  The top is too heavy to be held on with small velcro squares at the bottom of each column).  But the worst thing is that the ENTIRE pool started to lose air right away.  Defective craftsmanship and so disappointing.  It seems you cannot rely on this product, so buyer beware."
This item is not compatible with Leap pad Ultra and did not specify. Not happy with the purchase at all.
The item did not function when we tried to use it the first time. The motor did not run & the remote control did not work on the left side. The company would not take the helicopter back or exchange it for anything so we were stuck with a non-functional toy... in the garbage it goes.
Should be taller for dresses to fit under properly.
Didn't work.
"I would've loved it if they sent me the right one! I was sent a standing pony 3 times before I finally gave up. :( I have the sitting Rarity and she's adorable, but the standing Applejack I kept receiving looked so ugly."
The board would not stay down until the timer went off. It just randomly pops back up
Came with eye wonk. Monster high Cleo de Nile's head mold makes it super easy for eye wonk but I e-mailed Mattel and they sent me a replacement for free & is coming here tomorrow :)
"My purpose for this pet was so I could keep in touch with my granddaughter who moved out of state, but the only one she can receive messages from is her mom who's phone is in the same house. We have tried over and over to send messages, but she never gets them. The messages I send her are accessible on my phone only."
This product breaks easy
One star for wasting my money. This has no size listed but says it's for a Rock Crawler. What scale are Rock Crawlers? 10th right? Wrong! this thing is HUGE and fits on my 1/5th scaler which is NOT why I bought it. well build piece however. What is it with this RC game that NOBODY tells the sizes?
"Please remove the game from your store, the image is disturbing considering what happened to Caitlyn as well as several other dogs, and has been said before, animal abusers do not need any more fuel added to their fire.<br /><br />I find nothing hilarious about an image of a dog with it's snout taped shut despite its intended meaning or premise of the game. Abusers are becoming much more violent in what they do to innocent animals."
it says in the description that it is 22 inches by 27 inches when it is actually 11 x 11 inches a waste of money and i don't recommend it at all I couldn't fit a binder in it
"Would give 0 stars if I could. My son was given this for his birthday, he loves rocks so he was super excited. everything was going great until the first polishing phase, we went to check the tumbler and there was a huge mess. The plastic barrel had cracked and the water and grit was everywhere making the tumbler useless with unfinished rocks. Needless to say I have a very upset boy."
"It came in with a crooked structure. No symmetry at all. Plus, the elastic band to hold it against your face came off on the second day of wearing it. Buy it if you like the feeling of being cheated on."
The cart was bent and could not be utilized. I returned it. I found a similar cart at a dollar store for $20 less and purchased it
"Charged ok a few times, then would only charge half way, wish I would have put a few bucks with it and got a better one"
Overpriced!
One part missing from the box and hard to find a return label on the site.
Super cute but broke within minutes of being played with.
Took longer than expected for delivery and did not look like the picture
"Sorry, didn't work…peeled off within a day. One star for getting me a couple of days to get a better patch kit."
Never worked!  Great concept though!
I wanted it to do something.  Another minion I bought spins.  This just sits there.
It was missing parts...very disappointed ..
"I got the car and had high expectations. The product came with the wrong electricity plug connection (I live in USA), the battery D expires and after 3 hrs of charging, the car didn't work. Totally disappointed."
it's very bad.
LED goes out with gentle tap/bump of baton.
A very sad sight. I got a tube of mangled ant parts and 3 ants capable of walking. I paid a total of $14.73 for 3 ants!
"I almost never leave reviews, but I had to come back to review this product to warn others not to purchase.<br /><br />I received the product in well enough packaging, but after initial inspection was a bit hesitant to place it on the front of my very expensive drone's 4K camera. It looked professionally made, and sturdy, but not of the kind of plastic I would expect to fit over a lens.<br /><br />It's made of 3D printed plastic, very rough, and very rigid. Not suited for glass surfaces at all. As I was placing the product on my drone's camera it broke - the cheap 3D plastic snapped off it's base. The mold was too small for the camera. It should be snug, but having to be forced on the camera. Instead it took a small bit force until it broke.<br /><br />Would not recommend and do not purchase."
Terrible!!! I returned them for exchange but I received the new ones broken again.
This article has not given me and I need emergency
These broke every time we tried to open them. Not a good spending of money. Very disappointed as it was supposed to be fun for the kids and adults at a party.
You should be able to choose the color
"Looked good, kids liked it but only holds air for approximately 20 minutes and appears to be leaking from the seams.  This product was also purchased by our daughter who had the same problem.  Needless to say, this pool float is a bust was a waste of money."
Overpriced!
Broke the motor in like I was supposed. Never even got to go full speed or really drive it and the piston rod broke. Neat looking car tho
"[[VIDEOID:8624daff697ac2841c8520d4627f6a23]]NOTE to the Zillionz - the making this:   You created a wonderful toy, I mean this is really awesome, but please test it before you release it to the market.    ----  I am reducing this from 5* to 1* review.    My daughter just loved this toy, I mean she really love it so that she could hide things from her brothers.   It got shattered.    When things were good - I have attached a video of how it used to work.  Now, it has stopped recognizing my daughter's voice.   If i have to make it work again, I have to reset the password.   Frustrating actually and feel bad for my daughter who has fallen in love with this toy.      --- My previous 5 * review  (1) Set a password - in your voice with a word/phrase  (2) Press a button on the safe which says 'voice lock'  (3) Speak your password and the safe opens    -- If the password is incorrect, in the 3rd attempt, it will sound an real life sounding alarm.  -- If you forget the password, you can open the battery compartment and press the reset button    Note:  this is just a toy, not a real safe"
I was so disappointed with the dolphin.  It was too small to cuddle with and really wasn't what I thought it would be
The package had been opened and they restapled it and taped it up so when i tried to pull all the items out the stickers where stuck to the tape and ripped! One of kaleidoscopes its missing the end piece that makes it the kaleidoscope! Very disappointed! No where did it say that it was a opened package they taped up to resale!
"The magnet is not even and some of the letters don't even stay on the fridge.  I would not recommend these, but they are cute! My daughter likes to throw them at my animals."
"This thing is a joke. It's much smaller than it looks online,about the size of a toy basketball, but I figured that maybe that didn't affect how well it worked. I put in the disc that's supposed to look like stars and it's just a small patch of blurry specs of light. This would have been a rip off if it cost $20, but at $100?! Freaking robbery. Returning immediately."
This set did not work for us. We tried all different sand consistency and each time it just crumbled. It's a pain to put together. Very frustrating for the kids.
I cannot believe how I received this item. I was in complete shock. It was half opened(the top wasn't all the way on) and the tube is sticky! It looks like it is about five years old and the actual item doesn't even work!!!! I spent almost $10 on somebody's thrown out garbage!!! I have never had anything like this happened to me before on Amazon! The pictures are not that good(sorry) It doesn't show the true nature of how bad this actually was. It's crazy because everybody else is giving a great reviews. I wonder what went wrong. I marked the category &#34;new&#34;. Very very upset. BE CAREFUL.
"I got what I deserve for shopping on Amazon. What I received is clearly not an official Cards Against Humanity expansion pack. Not only do the cards not match my official, original game, but the six expansion packs don't match each other in thickness or color. One pack isn't even solid black, but instead has a houndstooth pattern printed on the back of the cards. Its nice to have new cards, but had I known they would be so different I would have bought them from CAH. Be aware..."
"Ive never gotten this, but ive seen it run. I do not recommend buying this item. The design and how it works is bad. You can easily settle for a early Trackmaster or TOMY Steam Along Thomas"
Cheap quality.
Very poor materials
"Misleading Origin label on this page. Product packaging says it's made in China, not Vietnam. Returned."
Product is dangerous to kids. Used once
These are the size of golf balls and are not worth the price paid. Big mistake buying these.
I live in Denver. It won't lift off the ground even while fully charged. I think the air is too thin.
Lasted only 10 minutes
These things are really cheap. They break very easily.
Not worth it
"As soon as I got it, it popped!1!1"
All but 10 were stickers intended for kid
Very inexpensive and they looked like it. I returned them
"It's flimsy, not the quality that Melissa & Doug are known for.  It doesn't work well and the whole thing is awkward to use."
I wish I can rate this a zero. The advertised card is for an Unlimited Edition card. I got one that has no edition specifications. I simply wanted what I paid for.  I guess the only reason to rate it one star is the fact that it's in good condition.
"smells, very light weight"
"This is an awful toy. It had great reviews so I bought it, but the noise it makes every time you move it back and forth is enough to drive me to the loony bin. I took it away after 2 days and it's been sitting in the closet for months."
This was the most ridiculous purchase ever. $20 for a bag of 29 Legos? Deceitful and I will be returning.
"Bought these skates for my 5 year old son for his birthday.  They are made much smaller than what is stated. He wore them TWICE for less than an hour and the plastic buckle/latch tore through where the metal pin is on the latch so it no longer buckles. I ordered early and put them away until his birthday arrived... so now when I went to replace the item, I am 20 days too late and out $25.00. I am very disappointed."
"This Ready-To-Fly rocket came with the shaft glued onto the base crooked by the manufacturer. We went through a couple failed launches where it curved right down to the ground and expended the rest of the engine fuel. Unfortunately we didn't have another rocket handy, so we had to cut the event short. We have requested a replacement and if it flies well we will update the review."
LED goes out with gentle tap/bump of baton.
Do not buy; I purchased to learn before buying a Phantom 3 Professional. Don't waste your money. First day...crapped out!  I'm returning!  You get what you pay for!
"Bought this at a different store but wanted to leave a review to keep others from purchasing. Not only did our marble run come in a brand new box with three pieces completely missing, but a few of the pieces were malformed and did not fit. My kids marbles did not fit and the ones that came with the set were too light to fall through the maze. Although cheap, I still believe the product should at least function. Do. Not. Buy. Total and complete waste of money."
"I agree with those who say that nothing sticks to these -- pencil, ball point pen, paint -- except permanent marker.  Too bad.  Good idea.  But."
"I purchased this costume jewelry necklace and knew it would not be &#34;top of the line&#34; jewelry because of the price. I loved the multi-colors. But, I never expected the necklace to be a kit! It came in 7 pieces when I took it out of the clear cellophane package. I had jeweler pliers so putting it together was not a real issue for me. I really don't think anyone should have to assemble a necklace purchased. However, the colors are very pretty."
Item pictured is genuine lego but the figure they are selling is a chinese knockoff fake. Buyer beware do not buy. This is NOT lego
It was perf ect. Thanks for quick service.
My son thought it was big but when it came it's so tiny so 25$ for a little thing
Just purchase this quad copter in July 2015 was flying pretty good all of a sudden it just took off on me disappointing. I also order motors for it  a case for it and batteries now it's gone. WOW! Don't buy it from Formula Toys i'm shopping elsewhere.
"It just arrived and it does NOT work! I put in new batteries thinking they may be old, but NOTHING!! I would never order from this company again."
This was useless.  Did not have power enough to pick up a small kernel of popcorn on my desk.  VERY disappointed in this item.
"The &#34;variety&#34; of the colors that were shipped were horrid, and they were not true bright colors, they were faded and off colors. Caution when purchasing these. I returned them immediately."
His weapon was completely destroyed when i got him really disappointed in this funko
had to order twice; box was opened and damaged.
I thought I was buying the larger rug not the mini. The pictures misleading
Terrible purchase!  One car worked sporadically with both remotes. The other car would not work at all. We charged batteries where possible and replaced the others but no luck. My grandsons were so disappointed with their birthday presents. I will be in touch with Kidzlane to return for repair or replacement.  I might even st my payment once I learn KidLane's desponse. Very disappointed.
These aren't worth 40 😂
"This is an absolute piece of junk. I bought this for my daughter's birthday.  I assembled it and none of the lights work. The motor is very, very weak. We just had to place an order for a similar electric Range Rover on Amazon, but made by a different company to make sure we get this before her birthday. Buyer beware. I am not looking forward to having to disassemble this, cram it back in the box and return it to the vendor."
"Ok...so I don't &#34;hate&#34; it, but this product is poorly made. My son LOVES this toy and it fell and shattered (our fault) and I replaced it. Both times the wind button broke the FIRST day we got it. I took the second one out of the box and pushed the wind button and it broke. I was not (and still am not) happy with the poor quality of this item. I only kept it because my son did not want me to return it. The manufacturer needs to fix this. Given the opportunity to purchase this again, or as a gift, I would NOT buy it. Fix the buttons so they don't easily break and I might reconsider. Buyer beware...look around for another one."
"Hard puzzle, very small pieces."
2 of them leaked the 2nd week I had them
Cheap and flimsy
"not what I thought for small children, but made a nice patio light"
Not worth 73 dollars. It is much smaller than I expected.
"I did not receive the product specified. I still received nice dice, and decided not to pursue a return, but still."
"I was excited when I bought this for my son's b-day. Unfortunately its a piece of junk!! The arm that launches the boulder, the boulder barely goes anywhere! The same arm is weakly attached to the body."
My daughter couldn't wait to wear her new costume for dress up day at camp. It was quite disappointing that the wings literally fell apart before the bus arrived. She had them on for 10 minutes when the wings began to fray and the elastic snapped.
"Used a few times indoors, broke in less than two weeks. Came apart at the seams."
"No description. I thought this would be a 4x2 binder, but it's 2x2. No internal pictures to see pages. Black looks Brown. Spend extra money and get the bigger one..."
"Absolute mess!  I spent 30 minutes cleaning this crap off my windows.  Multiple rinses with a rag (that I had to throw away) with water and then had to finish with Windex to get the film off.  If any of the crayon touches the floor, it will be tracked through your whole house.  These are awful.  Do not buy."
Not happy with this product at all. My kids have played in the tent a total of 3 times bc it's not sturdy at all it just falls right on them. The wiring is already coming out bc of the Very poor quality. It came with some tools that I assumed were to anchor them into the ground they were completely pointless. I plan to buy them this caterpillar tunnel that stays up by itself.
"MY 9 YEAR OLD GRANDSON WAS SO EXCITED WAITING FOR THIS BACKPACK WHICH MEASUREMENTS SHOWED HEIGHT 35. THERE WAS NO MENTION MADE THAT THIS WAS NOT INCHES.  THE BACKPACK MEASURES A HEIGHT OF 13 1/2&#34;.  IT IS TINY AND WOULD BE A GOOD SIZE FOR A PRE SCHOOL CHILD.  FIRST TIME I HAVE BEEN LET DOWN BY AMAZON.  I FEEL LIKE I HAVE BEEN RIPPED OFF, BUT EVEN WORSE WAS THE LOOK ON MY GRANDSON'S FACE."
Bought this same ol lisa at the DOLLAR tree
This product did not work on any of the apps it didn't even follow codes.
We were pretty disappointed. The plates were very cute. The napkins and plasticware did not match at all. The cups leaked everywhere. We had juice and milk all over the countertop even after we doubled them. Had to throw them away.
Do not buy this
"This was the biggest waste of money I have spent on Amazon.  I bought it as a birthday gift and kept it wrapped for a few weeks.  When the birthday party came, we opened it up and connected it to the hose.  Water sprayed everywhere - except out the tentacles.  There was no seal anywhere on this item.  The connection leaked, the entire bottom panel leaked, each tentacle leaked at the connection.  It was very disappointing to the children who were excited to use it.  And because I waited to give it as a gift, the time to return it has passed.  I am very disappointed and will avoid Banzai toys in the future."
I didn't realize 3.0 meant 3 inches.  It's SO tiny a baby could wear it.
"Bought four decks under the impression that there were going to be little to no duplications and in mint - excellent condition.. Not what happened.. Every deck I opened included almost all total repeats of the deck before.. I don't enjoy getting 4 decks that are almost identical.. To make matters worse most of the cards I got looked like they were played condition, especially the dated cards.. Got way more uncommon then rare as well. Listing says no commons but I received several.. Item received is no where near what was described.."
Did not work.
My big three year old could not squeeze this. It also broke the first week we had this. I bought the Ettore Grip n Grab and my son loves it. Easy to grip and more durable.
Super disappointed in this balloon I bought for my nephew's Looney Tunes birthday party! The balloon was filled multiple times with helium and would not float. It would deflate in minutes! It didn't appear to have any holes either.
This is a birthday gift.  I was disappointed with the appearance of the box.  It was apparently a returned product because the item was re-taped together. It looks awful.  The box was slightly smashed and taped together.  To say that I am disappointed is an understatement.  It does not look like a new item.  It certainly did not meet my expectations.  I am currently unable to review the item itself as I haven't given the gift yet to my grandson yet.
"My 10 year old son purchased this item and thought it was a set of seven, which it is NOT!!  It is ONLY a unit of one and he was VERY DISAPPOINTED!"
"one letter missing the dots, poor quality of the wood, far to expensive for the product."
"It was so loud but my kid liked it.  Well, until it broke after a day."
If I could leave 0 stars I would. It's awful. It is SO LOUD and there's no way to turn the volume down. Get this thing out of my house!
"not designed for phantom 3. no instructions.  shade needs modified, carefully with a razor, to fit phantom 3"
I was so disappointed. It's very small and the water doesn't shoot up out of it. It barely bubbled out at best. My husband plugged some of the holes with silicon in hopes of raising the streams of water. It didn't help.
"I had high hopes for this flat noodle.  Unfortunately, this did not meet my expectations.  We took it to the lake a few weeks ago and it did not hold me up.  I thought, well, maybe it's for kids, so I had my 9-year old try it.  It didn't hold her up either.  It's in the trash now.  My suggestion is for you to save a lot of money and buy a real noodle.  At least we know they work."
Might as well just buy a new engine for this price
"the Gus Fring with the half melted face, which is the way I like to remember that Volvo-driver."
"what a waste ! ball is bursting at seams, foam is showing and ready to come out. exterior is cheap"
DO NOT BUY THIS!!! This costume is absolutely terrible the fabric in the picture is not the fabric that you receive! The belt buckles are plastic... the shirt material is not even close to the material in the picture. we are returning this cheap costume and will not be purchasing from them again. false advertisement!!!
Falls apart all the time!
The bottom of the pool had a tear in it. Didn't even use it once. Too expensive for it to tear so easily.
"Very cheaply made, arrived with a hole in it.  I had saved it for a surprise and by the time I gave it to my children it was past the return date so there was nothing we could do about it.  Super disappointment for the kids!  Really small too...wouldn't buy it again!"
"waste of money! I brought it to a bachlorette party imagining the shenanigans we would be causing but to my disbelief, the scratchers don't work! We used quarters and our nails to scratch off the areas and the gray parts don't come off or if you scratch too hard, it ruins the words underneath. These cards are either expired or badly made. I would like a refund."
"Can't pose this kit hardly at all. Arms and legs don't bend, just a bad kit."
When this says small it means miniature.  We were disappointed in the product.
It was beautiful while it lasted. Opened it Saturday by Tuesday it was busted. Expensive float and not well made. Be warned.
Disappointed with the cards I received.  No superstars at all. Waste of money. Description s as I'd good cards to start collection with. This was a lie.
Poor quality product. The one I received - it seems the stethoscope does not function. Not sure if I received a bad lot or if this is the same for all. I do not recommend this and would be returning it
It wasn't what I expected for my daughter's 1st Halloween costume. I especially didn't like the material for the trimming of the booties. It kept shedding and apparently my daughter was allergic.
It was ripped the second I took it out of the package.  The move you tried to unfold the table cloth the more it tore.
"product never worked, I tried replacing the batteries that didn't work, I ordered a new one same problem!"
Did not like it at all.
"First of all, the name says Bunch-o-Balloons, but these have to be a knock-off.  The package of Bunch-o-Balloons from Party City looked completely different.  Better package.  And then when I blew them up, I did one bunch from this package and 2 from party City. This package blew up just fine, but after only a few minutes, they all completely deflated, while the balloons bought from Party City were just fine.  In the pic, you can see the green balloons with black ties all deflated.  Sending back for a refund."
I felt a bit deceived by the &#34;Shopkin&#34; brand name being heavily associated with the product. It is a generic product (Shoppin) and not an official &#34;Shopkin&#34; product. Nothing more than a $5 cheaply made fishing tackle  box.
Terrible waste of money.  They didn't even work.  I was very disappointed..
It was plastic and okay.  Nothing special.
"So upset. Cape is actually a decent quality, double sided, mask is pretty sturdy but the decal on the cape was peeling and messed up :( didn't want to return it because my son loved it so much that I didn't want to take it from him."
"Unfortunately - this product is not how it is pictured. Half of the stingray is actually covered in bold safety graphics that obscures nearly 50% of the top of the float. I dont know why they didnt put the giant safety label on the bottom - but they didnt, and the picture mis represents the product."
the paint is not good
"Like all Blackout axles, the thread runs short and you have to take a die to it to get more threads."
They don't come off the paper.  Terrible product.
I'm sending it back its not what I wanted.
I have ordered this item twice.  The first time I was hoping the faulty product was just a fluke because I so wanted this table for my daughters playroom.  I exchanged it for another table; the second table that arrived was no better.  Buyer beware.
Cute pup
i just didnt want another pokemon stuffed animal thats all<br />\
is all I can say.  It broke the first day we played with it.
"Fun to fly untill l needed factory support / info. Called phone numbers in manual over a couple of weeks, no answer! Same results with e-mail."
The board came so warped that the balls all just rolled into the middle. 2 of the hippo heads got stuck every time you pushed the button on them.
"To small,for what I needed them for"
10x smaller than I thought it would be very disappointed
GOT TWO BROKEN ITEMS BACK TO BACK! Received the first one but it wouldn't hold any pressure. Returned it and re-ordered giving the seller the benefit of the doubt. Second one came and was also defective!! Terrible purchase and huge waste of my time.
kit came with missing parts
fake cards
It doesn't work!!!!!  We downloaded the app and nothing
"This kit was fun for about one afternoon.  Once it was set up, it requires very cold and very hot water to make the color changes.  Of course, that means you constantly have to recharge it with hot or cold water, which was a pain.  The whole thing is really a gimick, with no real useable track, which acts as a car shower.  Really, you could just buy one of the color shifter cars and then toss hot and cold water on them.  But, that would be possible if the color shifter cars were not abysmal too.  The color shifter car, after changing colors a few times, decided it would just remain the same color with barely any changes, regardless how hot or cold the water is.<br /><br />On the whole, save your money.  This kit is awful."
These are pretty bad. You can see through them and they feel like the plastic will tear super easy. I love this style of bags but these are the worst I have ever bought. I wanted to use them for party supplies for my son's jurassic world birthday party but they just won't work.
"Too small and the detail of face and body were too bad, not recomended"
"The item itself is wonderful; it is rather large as well. My one star is because the website does not clearly state that you will only receive ONE doll and that it may or may NOT be one of the two pictured here. I tried twice to get the red one, and was told I would get both of them, but never did receive the red one... Great product, unclear description."
"My kids really loved this slide, but sadly it lasted only 1 1/2 summers. We used it a total of 6 or 7 times & just over a year after we purchased it, it wouldn't fully inflate anymore. Ro rips or holes, the company told me I am badically SOL, since their warranty is a joke (60 days). I will not recommend this to anyone. I would rather take my kids to the actual water park & save some money.<br /><br />Also, drying this is a pain. It takes like 2 days & we can never get it back into the bag."
"Doesn't come in box that is shown, very cheap, and they are really small.  It is for small wrists only."
"Garbage! There is a reason it's half the price of the Hubsan X4, you get what you pay for. Pay the extra and get the Hubsan!"
"Like others, I got hands that were not the promised size and were not glitter at all.  AND this item is not eligible for RETURNS!!  What was sent is totally worthless.  Sad has my daughter loves the correctly sized ones."
the viewing lenses were not clear. Everything was double image. Not sure if the item I received was just defective.
This fell a part the first day.
im sure this is a great pool and i would love to give it a 5 star rating. too bad i ordered it two weeks ago and still have not received it.
"We never use this. Very uncomfortable...buy the mattress instead, cheaper & much more comfortable. We all fight over the mattress while the chair sits on the deck. Cup holder not usable after being inflated."
I just played with it once a time and didnt work again.
Crap not worth the money!!!
$699.99 ???? Really?
great Christmas gift for grand
Missing parts
There was a nose piece missing from the package. but once my son opened it there was no turning back.
"Too good to be true these are the latest yugioh, I was expecting the original yugioh cards that were from Yamis season"
"The pool came with a defect in one of the seams that leaks air.  I tried to patch it twice, but it wouldn't hold because it is on the seam.  I had to toss it and buy a new pool."
"These were terrible. Not at all what was in the picture. I ended up with like 1 pink, and 10 red and a bunch of other unmatched colors. Very disappointed. Also, the dots were only half way down the ballon. I read some reviews and the people said they got exactly what was in the picture, so what happened to my order?!?"
"Terrible, caps were impressively hard to get off. We ended up not having the bubbles as anticipated for wedding :( :( :( (SAD FACES)<br /><br />My wedding party had even taken the caps off and put them back on to 'loosen' them... no luck - dont recommend"
"This toy only pops if rolled on carpet, and with exerted force while pushing down and walking.  My daughter is not able to do  this even at 20 months...  When she uses this toy, she walks with it but the wheels don't roll, they just glide across the floor and therefore no popping.  This is an incredible disappointment on a classic toy that was ruined in the new design.  We are going to be returning this.  Today."
"Both were defective. One was flat within 2 hours, the other was flat next day. Both"
"Misleading Origin. This is made in China, not Vietnam. Returned."
"This item arrived missing key pieces and could not be assembled. At the time it was at grandchild's home 5 hours away. Amazon wouldn't allow my daughter to return. Picked up next visit, but it was 2 days past deadline, so not returnable. Now I am stuck with a toy that can't be put together, am out the money and had a very unhappy one yr old on his birthday. The manufacturer was no help either."
Do not buy not legos
Low quality.
The shiping box was in good conditions but the item inside was dammage and had to return
Need to have current stars not antique  ones on them
"This chair was purchased as a gift.  Just after a month of having it, the bottom of the seat ripped.  Since it had been 2 weeks past the 30 day window, Amazon would not warranty the chair.  The chair was very comfortable, but the quality is obviously poor."
Advertised as suspenders to fit a 6.0' man. Might fit a six year old
"Don't buy it. Even though it says it is for smaller ages, it actually is difficult to fly. I own two other Air Hogs helicopters (400X), and this one was very difficult to fly, to the point that we gave up, we couldn't maintain the altitude or the copter stable. If you have a kid, and you give him/her this, and this is their first helicopter, they will not like it. Buy the 400X, which is double the price, but easier to fly.<br /><br />One more thing, don't fly it outside. In my family, they went outside, caude they didn't want to &#34;break&#34; anything inside, this helicopter or any other, will not do well."
Not as advertised the figures in the picture are not what was sent to me. What I recived was all green (I think army men) not colorful ninjas. Not happy at all with this purchase.
Squirt tube comes out to easily & kids never have it in. Wouldn't buy again!
BEWARE! The fiberglass from these bags will get on your hands and irritate your skin for hours after touching the bag!
The wings break off very easily and the LED lights don't blink.
bad
"I was very disappointed with this buy.  The semi-truck was damaged, frame bent and the rear wheel axles were bent.  I ordered this for my grandson's birthday."
don't buy
Took awhile to receive and they started falling apart as soon as my son tried to play with them. I don't recommend them unless you enjoy hot gluing toys back together
Too small to play.
"Train OK but remote control flimsy.  Wire in remote broke and had to be sodered and battiery cover will not keep batteries in place.  I do not recommend.  Lionel quality has fallen to new low. Have heard about quality issues with more expensive set also, so it seems to be a system wide problem with present day Lionel products."
Package had been opened before I received it
Very light-weight & didn't work!
The tabs that keep the doors shut broke within 10 minutes. Now I have to use tape to keep them closed or all the cars fall out.
This item didn't work out of the box the battery pack will not take a charge and in general this item is a piece of junk.
"Broke in a short time, and when I inquired where I could get it fixed, was told they don't know who the maker was. They couldn't give me a company name so I just threw it out. Would not buy this product or recommend it to anyone. What a ripoff !!!"
"Don't waste your money on this. Packaging was good, that's about it. Poorly made, and only has a hole to drain water from in the stomach.  It will fill with water and is IMPOSSIBLE to get it out. 1 week later and I could see mold thru the white body and had to throw it in the trash."
Supposed to be 12 in pack. Only was 11. Again ripped off from china
"Recieved in a timely manner, but when opened pieces were broken, the white board had a huge scratch on it, and wood glue was on the black board part in huge blobs. I wouldnt recommend this. The idea is great, but the quality is horrible."
Very small.  Sticks fall out/over easily.  Not worth the cost.<br />it did however come a week earlier then they said.
These props do not tighten down to the motors there is a lot of play. Installed 2 separate pairs on 2 separate Inspires 1's Cheap poorly designed product from china.I flew one of the two inspires and it sounded very wrong
This truck stopped working a day after my son received it. It would go in reverse but not forward.
It is very hard to control and it get stuck in t  he middle of the pool when it dies. It also doesn't dive I do not think you should buy this toy.
No!!'
One of the two motors died within a short period of time and the boat became useless. It is not at all watertight and the electric motors easily get wet. I would not recommend this product.
"I have no idea why it is called &#34;Spanish Bananagrams&#34; because there were none of the letters that make the spanish alphabet unique - like the ch, ll, or the other n sound. the directions were not even in spanish!"
Bruh. Let me tell you. I was out with this female one night. We was kicking it and I brought her over to my crib so we can &#34;Netflix and chill&#34; as the night progresses I proceed to make my move and started kissing her neck... Of course I'm sure you have an idea as to what that led to. As we were about to &#34;Chill&#34; she asked me if I had protection. I whip this card out and said &#34;oh you know it shawty&#34;. I was in the clear. My pull out game weak af and I thought this would help me out.... I was wrong. She called me up this morning saying She's pregnant. I had the card in my hand and tried to use it to go to a different dimension. It took me to a different one alright. The dimension is called &#34;Fatherhood&#34;.
"We couldn't even bear to finish making the product after seeing the slimy, soggy, wet noodles it created. Just gross. I wish I had taken a photo!<br /><br /> Even my daring 8 year old wouldn't touch it. She was also disappointed that there was no cooking involved. I don't know how clear the commercials were about the fact that you don't cook this, but my daughter was disappointed."
"Cheapest plastic.  Crying kid because the door broke as soon as it came out of the box, steers horns fell off within the first ten minutes.  Going in the trash."
Worst thing ever melted first day in the car
Much much much smaller then I thought. Not one of my best buys
Terrible quality of the photo that appears faded in comparison to springbok products.  Would not recommend.
I was disappointed with the paint job
washed on the second time the stitching from the side got loose. very unhappy..
"I got a brown one instead of Pink, and it seemed like it was opened before."
Not what i expected there was only 3 different colors. Very disappointing. Didnt come with like boy colors. I bought 3 packs all looks like for girls.
Item is very small I was very disappointed
was very disappointed but will not take it away from my grandson. u can not hear the horn at all because it does not have one. it plays a tune that u cant hear. but no horn is a downer. i just today super glued the back push bar because it comes it out everytime u try to pick it up. paid way to much for a piece of s***! and oh yeah..it does not steer in the slightest :P
"No, they were not good. They were the wrong size. But I would not dare to return them since the cost would probably exceed the price of the item."
Not as expected to be puzzle pieces for the entire figure
Nope.  Don't waste your time.
prop fell off 2nd time out and no way to buy new prop
You would be better with a paperclip.  These things are tiny.
"These are NOT legos. I bought these for my son's 4th birthday to put in gift bags. They are not Lego monsters, they are a pain in the foot to cut up and they don't even last on the skin when you use them. DO NOT BUY!"
The doll's head broke off getting it out of the package.
HORRIBLE PRODUCT USED 3 TIMES AND HAD FOR A YEAR AND WAS SEATING ON IT AND IT CAME APART AT THE SEAM CALLED COMPANY AND SAID NO WARRANTY ON THIS AND QUOTE<br /><br />&#34;OUR PRODUCT ONLY LAST ABOUT A YEAR&#34;<br /><br />HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE WITH THIS COMPANY. AVOID THIS PRODUCT
"Totally disappointed. I waited more than two weeks to get this toy (peppa and her friends) for my daughter. Well, I got something else instead."
So flimsy and cheap that it bends and wrinkles under its own weight. Should be a 2 dollar item. Junk!
Very disappointed.  The little tiles are so tiny as to not be useable. Pieces are about 1/2 in by 1/4 inch and paper thin.
"I've owned several drones and RC helicopters over the months, mainly cheaper ones or clone makers. I bought this because I thought Blade was a top brand. Not so, I feel the clones are constructed better. The body wasn't even hard plastic. Actually, for the money, I was expecting an alloy. But it was like a think sheet plastic, not anywhere near solid. After 1 day, it's coming apart. Also, the blades will break anytime it touches something. I had to order 6 extra main blades. Also, the dual main blades are supposed to be more stable and easier to fly. Not on this model anyways. It sucks. Very difficult to control - my clone single rotor is much easier to fly. Biggest waste of money."
Lasted only about 2 times before it died.  Batteries corroded and weren't fixable.  On/off switches didn't work after second time out.  Was fun the two times it worked.
Do not purchase this!  Save yourself and your child the frustration.  It worked for one day then the bottom arm broke fitting crumpled and now the arm will not stay in the slot.  It is very cheaply made.  It did not stand up to light use by my 8 year old who was sick at the time.  We were very disappointed in this toy from Nerf.
The battery leaked and the camera spoils.
Didn't take long before this stopped working! Only had it 4 weeks and it no longer blows bubbles.
I'm sorry I purchased this item.  I thought there was more than one in the package.  Only one--not worth $5.50.
"Not a single one of the balloons in the package was able to be inflated. I'm not sure if this was a bad batch or what, but it threw a wrench in our plans. I would never purchase these again."
Is nt works the extras.  Litle motors wit send<br />Ethis. Most begers
Waste of money.
Piece of crap.  We waited a month and a half for a pyraminx that is definitely NOT a Shengshou.  This is something made to sell at a dollar store somewhere.  It looks and feels super cheep.  Stay away from this Pyraminx!!!!!!!!
"This is a cute set but the balls are small & very hard. I didn't give it to my kids. I could see one of them getting hurt or breaking something. In my opinion, not a kid friendly toy."
"I bought this at the beginning of summer and Fabric has already started to fade and summer is not over yet. Also, it has a small rip in the seam and it has not been used improperly. On the plus side, the recliner is very comfortable."
"This product is not durable and strong , the battery lasts not more than 7 to 8 mins, I had to buy more battery.Waste of money."
Well I bought this and the motor is s*** I'm not even joking and the battery doesn't last I put a traxxas velenion in it and it runs amazing and bought a 5 cell battery
Not painted!!!
The inner core stayed dry and the balls did not work.
The lunch pail strap broke with the first use!
"When the balloons fell off, they leaked out almost all of the water.  The O rings did not adequately tie the balloons."
"The drone was not easy to assemble. We were never able to put the camera together and one cable fell off which might need to be sodded back in. To fly this drone, again it is not so easy. The landing is horrible. It just falls straight down. I am not happy with this product."
"Received a European copy of the Left Arm: LOB-E100. Original edition is LOB-123 (North America) as shown in product description; however, failed to provide."
"when I receieved the unicorn, the horn was ripped at the base :("
Worked great for a couple of weeks then on/off switch stopped working.
The transparency make my eyes tired. I can't handle it so passed it along to my children.
My siter was so excited to get shopkins and found fake shopkins do not BUY!!!!!!
"WARNING!!! I, myself, without kids around put this puzzle together to see if all the pieces were there and see how sturdy it was. I pulled pieces out of bag onto a table. I then built the puzzle and found ONE PIECE WAS MISSING!! I'm an adult and didn't even get up from the table and somehow didn't have all the pieces to complete the puzzle. See attached photo. Nothing is is box or bag. All pieces are on table. DO NOT BUY. Oh and you only get ONE of the three puzzles... and you don't get to pick which one either!!!! Pieces are also flimsy and will easily rip apart if given to too young of a kid or if two kids fight over a piece"
I am very happy with my purchase and having received it so quickly.  caroline
These looked nothing like the photo &#34;classic beach ball&#34; which I needed for my daughters birthday.  They were metallic looking and colors were not the primary ones with a white stripe included.  I returned them and ordered from a different vendor and got the SAME EXACT thing.  I returned those as well.  Very dissatisfied.
Way littler than expected.really need to send them back fell like I gave to much money for what they were.very disappointed not happy with them.
Was in good condition for a used toy...far from excellent. The tow mechanism is broken....does not work. It arrived in adequate time but with postage due. Not satisfied.
Great companions.
"the peices are misshaped so that even if you ahve the right two peices it'll lok like it's wrong.  don't get this puzzle, but a poster or something."
"I order it to my mail box in the university. So now that I came for the semester I pick it up, and one engine is broken and does not work, and I cannot return it becauseI order it more than 30 days ago."
"It's the second time I ordered an RC Boat for my son in law and he stills whithout the fun of seeing his gift toy working.   But, the guarantee of Amazon is 100% satisfactory for their customers."
Total garbage! I think a battery company paid them to make the air compressor battery powered when it could have easily been designed to hook up to an outlet. You deserve sainthood if you can endure the inflation for even 30 minutes.
"Shame on Universaty Games, shame on the people buying this game and definitely shame on Amazon for allowing this trash to be sold on their website This game is not only NOT entertaining, but it portrays animal abuse as fun.  What it wrong with the human race when this is deemed to be ok just for the sake of the almighty$$$$$.  So disappointed in you, Amazon. I've been a loyal customer for many years, but I will not be making any more purchase if you allow this garbage to be sold here."
"The first time we used this product it got a hole in it.  I had to buy special stuff to patch it with because what was included did not work at all.  After I repaired it we used it again and guess what, more holes.  At this point I did not want to bother with it anymore and threw it away.  What a waste of money!!"
"I purchased it on Friday which is 14th August , and I got it on Sunday 16th ,  delivery was fast .My son open and played it  the next day , but it was broken on the same day  , because the part of charge in the helicopter was loose and it went inside to the helicopter, so it can not charge any more ! And the helicopter died after it had run out of batteries! I wonder if I can get refund for it  or replace it with another helicopter of good quality. The one I bought was really the way too delicate!"
"Very hard to install batteries. Very noisy. Puppies were not really interested. Weasel is held on with a cheap plastic tag strap, it will break off easily."
"Bad service, bad everything. Don't waste your time."
Too small
Ordered the bundle ... only got 1... rip-off...
not good
Very disappointed. When I received the package of bubble vials I noticed several of the vials were not full. Some were less than half way full. That was disappointing but I was still excited to finally get my hands on these special touchable bubbles. They were a surprise for some kids on vacation. I was even more disappointed to find out that they were not touchable bubbles. Just standard bubbles that I paid WAY to much for. The picture attached shows 3 vials that I never opened. The one on the right barely has anything in it.
"two balloons had holes, and two had some sort of malformation preventing it from being blown up properly. :("
not recommend
the paper is coming out the wrong way and i cannot find anywhere instructions on how to refill it.
Can not get it to work
Doesn't work as advertised. It is poorly built. I now have a very disappointed grandson
"Pricey for quality of the item.  Expected more, some of the hand mounts were missing, too."
"Got this awesome looking cooler for a weekend up at the Saco river in Maine. Once we got there and got everything set up we put in the drinks and started to make our way to the river, as soon as we picked up the cooler the side ripped and it was unusable for the entire weekend. We did not get to use this cooler once before it broke, very disappointed."
Got horrible cards XD
LED goes out with gentle tap/bump of baton.
"We are still having problem with charging, bad quality!"
I ordered two of these tubes for my birthday. What I thought was a smart investment in summertime fun turned out to be a summer bummer. The connections on this tube are a real design flaw. We got only one trip out of them. The area that the connector strap attaches to the tubes weakened and began to leak. Avoid this model and order one of the older versions.
Total waste of money. We filled them up and the water slowly leaked out of every one of them before they were able to be thrown. Also there is no seal in the spout connection so water sprays out everywhere while filling them. Just give your kids the money and go to a store and let them pick out something else that they will be much happier with
"Do not purchase the small tins it's barely enough to make a very small ball.  This was supposed to be used by my client's age 4 to 12 who have been diagnosed with ADD, and I would not waste my time giving something like this to any child.  The large cans should be better, I will order them and inform you how they turn out."
Didn't work. Sent it back
When the game arrived it was clearly used and returned.  It wasn't in it's original package and only came with four coins.  The Left/Right stick didn't work so we returned it.  A replacement was sent and came quickly.  It was new and packaged well.  The package of coins was full... there were at least 20.  We put the batteries in and the kids started playing.  It worked well for about five minutes and then the claw would open when it would close and vice versa.  We followed the troubleshooting tips and couldn't correct the problem.  There was no information to contact customer service or a web address for more help anywhere in the instructions.  This thing is also super loud!  After about the fifth round of play you'll be looking for some ear plugs!  My kids did like it when it worked but became frustrated when it kept failing.  A disappointment all around!  Amazon's return policy is solid though!
it was not worthy. cracked not usable
"Bought this for my son's birthday and it was a total bust. Didn't work at all and still doesn't. FOr the price, it was cheaper to keep it as a non-r/c toy than return, but would not recommend."
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?  GET THIS GAME OFF OF HERE.
"I've had the chucky and Tiffany dolls from bride of chucky movie. These aren't even close to what they look like! How can you people pay good money for crap?!! This chucky doll looks like a girl! The ones I had came with a little battery operated black box and said quotes from the movie . They had every detail with Tiffany's lipstick, a little necklace that said chucky, and her wedding gown and colored finger nail polish.  This chucky is too tall, face is all wrong with the lack of scars, and definitely the hair. You people should take a closer look at the real character's before charging so much money!!"
All three eggs I received contained identical contents. Waste of money. My daughter loves surprise eggs and was dissapponted when the same stuff was contained in all three eggs.
Before turning this cube even once. (I lifted it out of the package) the cube broke into peices.
broken quickly
This item came in horrible condition. The painted graphic on almost every puzzle piece was cracked and coming off. Terrible quality. The company should be embarrassed to sell this. And it's an inexpensive toy so not even worth returning. Shame.
Item was not DJI.
"I think it would have to be a very focused 6-year-old to successfully assemble this kit; maybe a patient 10-year-old would be more like it. On the other hand a 4-year-old might absorb some of the basic physics/mechanical lessons from the finished product. I'm not sure why they made the thing so complex when it seems to only go together one way anyhow. Patience is a virtue, I guess, but are we teaching kids about physics or teaching them how NOT to design a machine? The real Rube Goldberg aspect of this thing is not in the rolling marbles and meshing gears but in the stationary structural parts of it, in that they concocted a roundabout and inefficient way of accomplishing a simple task.  Well most of the parts seem to be neither super fragile nor extremely sturdy, except I did wish the whole auger had been made in one solid piece. The biggest problem we have had after assembly is that the first gear (with the crank attached) keeps popping off its pivot pin constantly. This alone makes the toy seem like a piece of garbage. Another thing I dislike is the funnel part... it looks like the balls should spin down into smaller, faster orbits as they approach the center hole, but instead they make a few orbits around the outside edge then lose momentum and roll almost directly into the hole.  I like the gears and the auger and the rolling marbles in principle, but I do not like how they went out of their way to make the construction complex when it could have been simple and functional."
Deflated in 2 days.
"This wallet is PAPER. The description says, Tyvek is Paper Thin Yet Super Strong and Waterproof. Well, not only is it paper thin, but it is PAPER. I bought this for my 7 year old grandson, a Seahawks fan. With tax and my Prime free shipping, I paid $13.46 for it.Plus returning it would cost me about $7, so I'm keeping it. But come on."
"Worst product ever!! Didn't even use them, opened the package and 1/2 the paddles were broken. As we tried to pull them apart, the rest if the paddles fell apart. Wasted my money and never got to use it"
I ordered for my little one to help with yard work with tools their size. When it arrived I was disappointed because this set is miniature (doll house size). I didn't read anything that said it was miniature. I sent it back. No need for it otherwise.
Broke shortly after purchase.
These didn't work for any of the 3 Nerf N-strile elite guns that my child has.  total waste
"WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU???<br />A picture of a dog with its muzzle taped shut is so very wrong in so many ways.<br />Animal cruelty is not clever, it's not funny, it's absolutely not okay!<br />A good idea would be to recall and replace every single box out there and issue a public apology to every animal rights and animal rescue group in the world.<br />Shame on your company for this gross error in judgment."
"When I put bullets in, they don't always shoot out which gets very annoying. Also when it came in, it seemed rather wiggly as if it may have been broken.."
Don't buy
"it says that have flour, so, how can it be gluten free? Please don't play with childs health"
"Would not recommend, broke immediately. Don't waste your money."
This is a fun toy in the tub but the water quit squirting after two weeks. I purchased two of them and same thing on both.
The chair is really cute however we can't use it because the umbrella broke right away :(
beginner yoyo
Handles broke the first day I used it...wasted money.
If I could leave less than one star I would. The worst product I have ever purchased. Lasted all of about 2 minutes.
"Super duper cute....but first time my daughter wore it, within 20 minutes of putting it on the fabric ripped all along the seam of the skirt.  She wasn't rough on it in any way... Now we are at Disneyland dressed like the normal people with a sad Princess."
Great for kids.  Not adults
"I wish I could give zero star rating, pins were fake and unable to use as traders."
"This is not worth the price. The ribbon that came on mine is red, white and blue, not the red and white as shown. That's not cool when you need an exact replica."
"Purchased this quad for my son's birthday as he loves my Syma quad. Turned on unit, turned on remote and paired. As soon as pairing was complete, before we could even throttle up to check the trims, quad took of at full throttle and went high out of our vision. We took a walk around the entire neighborhood, but could not find. I would recommend staying with a good quality name brand quad and seriously consider before purchasing this quad."
I ordered 2 packs. All the envelopes were glued shut. Of course I didn't notice this until I filled all the cards out. I am getting these out at the last minute as it is and this further delays it.
it had the fish and rods but not magnets..... wasted that money.
"Horrible there were No Marshall 's & No girl pups & I know there's two of them now....their 4 year olds & I figured this would be a cute party favor when everyone is going home, I should've stuck with Party City...."
"Very bad, dirty and not useful."
Did not work like advertised paint came out like foam.
Did not receive with sticker as advertised
This deck just sucks
Flimsy and weak.
"received product but the controller doesn't work ,so the car is useless without it , cant say if its fun since we could not use the product"
This boomerang simply does not work.
"The net is so small it seems intended for toddlers, though the pictures on the box seem to show older kids. The net broke almost immediately.  Poorly constructed, cheap product.  Not worth the money."
"These are not nerf brand darts. These darts are cheaply made and the tips are much firmer than Nerf darts. As such my kid has big red welts. I'm ticked. These are not safe to shoot out of the n-strike series of nerf products,"
We put it together but the lights didn't work.
Counterfeit item. Not as described.
These are plastic beads! Cheap!
"Quick Summary: Overall is is a very poorly thought out radio. Its designed only for RC airplanes. With the rise of quads and other RC models such as tanks and tractors this radio is outdated and so is the company. Interoperability and flexibility is important and this radio does not have any of that.<br /><br />I am highly disappointed in this radio. This radio is for flying airplanes only. If you want to do anything other than planes or perhaps helicopters (not quads) I would spend the money almost anywhere else. I bought this radio thinking it would be a good all in one solution for me to control my boats, quads and RC construction equipment. I was wrong, This is a terrible radio for anything other than planes.<br /><br />The Screen: First lets start with the screen you have two options, planes or helicopters. Nothing more. No choice for quads, or other vehicles. This means I always have to look at a picture of a plane on the screen when I'm sailing or driving a tractor. I know its just a picture but it annoys me so much. Not everyone fly's planes. The screen also has no back light at all, my $15 Timex has a back light, and its waterproof. Why does a $300 radio not have a back light?<br /><br />The controls: This is a 7 channel radio. 4 channels are used with the sticks, that leaves 3 channels. Plenty for most models, however the layout and switches make the last 3 channels almost unusable for anything but airplanes. The layout of the switches is terrible and the switches are labeled, not by channel number but by what function they do on an airplane model. (gear, flaps). Of the three remaining channels is a knob, one is a three way switch, and one is a 2 way switch. Again this layout of controls is not helpful for anything other than planes.<br /><br />The sticks: Not many complaints here except the internal parts are very weak. One of the first things I did is adjust the springs inside so both sticks are self centering (for dual prop boats and quad flight) and byslightly over tightening one of the screws I cracked the plastic holding the centering spring. I admit this was my fault for over tightening, but this is an adjustment customers are suppose to make and anyone could do this. Spektrum needs to strengthen the plastic or put a stop behind the adjustment screw. This however did not effect the operation of the stick so I just left it cracked.<br /><br />Firmware: This is where the Airplane focus is very clear. All the settings are based around adjusting for airplane flight. The channels are labeled exclusively for airplanes and are called “Throttle, Aileron, Elevator, Rudder, Gear, Aux 1 and Aux 2.” What if I sail boats or fly quads? Why not label them channel 1-7?<br /><br />This transmitter has 7 switches, and only 2 of them control channels (the third channel is a knob). What do the other 5 switches do? I'm sure if I flew airplanes I would know, but I don't. I could think of many uses for these switches, but the software is only for airplanes and allows no customization of the controller or switches at all. Why can't I swap channels around the different switches, or program what the switches do?<br /><br />Here is one example of what could be done if the software was different: Lets say I wanted to drive an RC backhoe. I want to drive the wheels and steering with the main sticks sometimes, then throw one of the 5 extra switches and now the sticks become the control for the backhoe bucket using the three extra channels. This is not something I can do with this controller or the built in the software. Its impossible with this controller even though it's as simple as better firmware<br /><br />The menus don't follow any kind of intuitive design. There are two menu's. One menu is accessed with the scroll wheel. This menu makes sense and is easy to use. There is also another hidden menu you get at by pressing the clear and back buttons at the same time. Why hide menus like that? Why should switching models require thesecret code of pressing two buttons, but the servo setup and range test is under the normal menu? Who thought this was a good idea? Why is the software not open source? Is your bad programing such a secret you don’t want me making it better?<br /><br />This transmitter will only store 20 models. Why? Is memory so expensive you can't afford to store a few more? The radio has an SD card but I don't know what its used for other than backup and firmware upgrades (that never happen). An SD card will NOT expand the number of models you can store. I think its possible to work around this problem with backing up the models to the SD card and then restoring from another card but come on? 20? really? I could do better with an arduio.<br /><br />Receivers: The receivers are only for airplanes. They are labeled, not by channel number but by function such as elevator or aileron. I really enjoy how not all Spektrum receivers will work with this radio. The waterproof receivers for cars and boats don't work with this transmitter. You can only use the non-waterproof airplane receivers. Why? Why cant I use a 2 channel waterproof receiver in my sailboat with this transmitter?<br /><br />I'm very disappointed with the cost and lack of flexibility of this radio. I would spend my money elsewhere. I can buy 3 transmitters that have nine channels and open source software for the cost this one 7 channel radio. Don't buy this radio if you do anything other than RC planes."
"Uggghhhh these things.  Yes, they're cute.  Yes, they're trendy....and it ends there.  These are a ripoff of the worst sort.  How do you justify $35 for something you make once (and it only takes 5 minutes to make all the globes)....then what do you do with this set?  It's flimsy, topples, and is too small to use with imaginative play.  Her princess dolls are far larger than this castle.  It looks pretty, but she can't play with it.  Don't get sucked into this money trap."
The part that connects to the belt broke after two weeks.
Only good for use with toddlers. The first time I used it only toddlers used it and there were no breaks. I am an adult and tried it out the next time. I put a hole in it! ( it was fun tho!!!)  So I patched it up and three 8-year-olds used it today. Completely busted!
"Terrible Product!  They are horrible, cheap and produce nothing but static. Only 2 buttons work. The rest are decoration only.  You cannot change channels or do anything but listen to static. Amazon should remove this from their inventory completely. The only thing I can say positively is that it's a cheap enough product that I didn't return, I just tossed in the trash."
"If animal abuse is a game then this world is in bad shape.  The manufacturer of this game needs to take a good hard look at the cover, realize this is NOT acceptable."
Very disappointed.  We bought two.  Both malfunction after only 3 times used.
"I purchased this for my birthday and being relatively new at collecting I fell victim to a fake item. Funny thing is I find out months later when I had my collection valued only to find to my disgust this was a fake. Had I known immediately I would've returned that minute, I'm more upset for the fact that it came without warning. Would not recommend buying and if you're already a victim beware of the fake &#34;Official Nintendo&#34; decal once it was brought to my attention the evidence was clear."
Very small and doesnt spin around as it is supposed to. I would say it is for a 1-2 yr old baby but not much fun for older kids. The picture is not a true representation of the product.
product NOT AS ADVERTISED.<br />it is a slo-mo-no bubble maker.
Rings except for two came all damaged. The only two rings that arent damaged change color a little bit. Cheaply made! One ring came broken. Unsatisfied totally. No stars.
"No offense, BUT WHO BUYS THIS CRAP?! You pay $15 for a tadpole?! I mean, sometimes it doesn't even survive, so that's like killing a frog, right? So if you wanna tadpole, go to a pond and catch your self 50,000,000 tadpoles for FREE!!!<br /><br />;)"
"Most overpriced and Cheapest item I've ever bought on Amazon!!! To make matters worse dangerous! The edges on the headband, NOT TIARA, as advertised are dangerously sharp!"
thought it was leather.
I ordered this outfit which was a 0 to 3 months and it came in the mail. The outfit was way bigger then 0-3 looks like it could fit a 5 year old the size does not reflect the actual size I ordered.
These are very flimsy and the tapped holes in the metal joints were already stripped when I got them. It does not hold together and I had to throw the whole thing out after one landing.
Way littler than what I expected. Definitely not what they said they retail for these our like the 7.99 one in the store not close to the price they said they were supported to be. Was going to give them as a birthday gift but won't know that I know they are the 7.99 in the toys store.
"It's very disappointing to order a product with glowing reviews that turns out to be an ordinary plebeian thing. The reviews highlighted for this product are obviously false. Though the picture looks large, the diameter isn't referenced and it's smaller than a tennis ball, slightly larger than a golf ball. It bounces with less energy than an ordinary superball, available for less than half the price (and with twice the resiliency.) It's not going to attract friends, nor help you entertain your kids in a parking lot. My purchasing it wasn't the end of the world, I just wish they would filter the misleading reviews and publish the size in the specs."
"came as Cleveland Browns, not Cincinnati Bengals as pictured - gave it away - very disappointed"
Poor quality for $$
Got the wrong item twice! Would really like to receive what's pictured not the blue one with the face!
This set arrived as a totally different product than advertised.  Cheaply made and not containing all pieces expected.  Returned immediately!!
"Very thin plastic, only lasted 3 hours in a fairly empty pool"
"This is not the game I remember as a child. They removed too much like playing the stock market, buying insurance, betting on the wheel, etc. The new version is just a boring board game where you spin and win large sums of money. It's a shorter game too. Big disappointment. We pulled out the old version and play that instead. The new careers are cool but not worth this purchase. Look to buy an older version."
Followed the instructions and they never did live.  Never hatched.  I even bought the water that the directions said to buy.  Disappointed 9 year old.
"I expected these to be clings that could be removed easily.  They are stickers which we are not allowed to use on the floors, so they are useless to me."
It came damage
"Balloons didn't fill much before dropping off (less than half of their capacity), water leaked out within minutes, and were hard to break. My son was very disappointed."
nothing like the Jansport backpack I had to retire. The quality is extremely cheap and the patern I chose does not even show the Hummingbirds as they are completely cut off due to Poor pattern.. Not impressed at all Looks nothing like the picture shown. If I did not need it for a trip I would return it and get another brand.
"Had such high reviews, its not what people hyped it up to be. Starting to think companies buy reviews and use it to sell their crappy items! They are not accurate, instead buy your kids water guns, they will have more fun with them. You can shoot the person 10 feet away direct shots and it won't register or you can keep shooting the other person and theu will not get hit but you will vice versa...<br />Way too EXPENSIVE for as pathetic it is, if you have $75, I think it will be more fun watching it burn than on this... Save your money get your kids something much better. yes I bought 2 sets so 4 kids can complain about how frustrating these are, I should have taken te kids to a theme park then this crap!"
"I've bought these notebooks every year since 2007. Now they are difficult to find with the elastic closure so I was happy to find this one in 2014. Unfortunately, the &#34;glitter elastic&#34; immediately stretched out (so much as to be useless) and then the end slipped out of the grommet so I had to cut it off. Avoid this product."
"Very disappointed in the construction of this. The bottom fell out, about a year after purchase."
Please don't buy
Character wasn't in original package and didn't come with playing card. It came in a sandwich bag listed as &#34;new&#34;
"the quality is horrible.<br />the marble ball does not move around,<br />i am using it for a door stop."
Sad to say dud we used these for Cub Scout summer camp the first time and had issues but I thought they just didn't fill them up enough so I ordered again thinking they would be great for our Cub Scout camp out water day. Well I bought two packs. Only one pack worked. The other pack the balloons wouldn't fill. Total disappointment I don't know what happened. I never unpacked them from the shipping box till we got to the camp ground to fill them.
Awful train! Do not recommend. Looks like it will fall apart soon and the C was missing from the box.
popped very first time we used it. love the idea and was fun at first but will be looking for a more durable brand
"My brother ordered this toy as a gift for my daughter's birthday. She was happy to get this as a gift, until the big leg popped out in the first half hour after opening the box and wouldn't go back in. She was so disappointed. The quality of this doll is not good and I would not waste any money buying toys from this manufacturer. I will not even give this a one star rating. Disappointed with the manufacturer."
These have permanently stained a plastic cup that we had them stored in and are ridiculously hard to scrub off of our fiberglass shower walls. They are about as fun and as clean as regular crayon on regular walls.
"These are super cute, but my two-year-old granddaughter couldn't even hold it without the pieces coming apart. I would not suggest it even if supervising children."
Hands down the worst thing I've ever bought on amazon
"i will be returning, very small, too small for 5 year old. i couldnt spell my grandson's nams without using combimation of upper and lower case letters. not very helpful when showing a child how to spell name. really poor quality.guess i thought i would be getting something similar to what i bought when my children were little, little fingers do not have the dexterity to do this, older children dont need them."
"The Wonder Woman figure is missing. If seller meant for this to be the jet only, a new item entry should have been created, with a new picture and description."
Not heavy enough to help.
"Item not as described.  Stickers did not match the chart - the chart did not match the training system they recommend on the CD.  CD was very hard to hear at times  and loud at others, had to keep adjusting the volume."
Item that arrived doesn't look anything like the picture of the one they're selling. My daughter very upset. Will not order again.
"When we first received this Little Tikes Tire Racers toy we were quite excited. My son loves motorcycles, and all toys that make noises--this does both! To take it out of the packaging, it required scissors to remove the three plastic straps holding it in. As soon as it was taken out of the packaging, the motorcycle fell off. I looked through the packaging for some sort of guide/instructions to see how to use it, but our toy did not have any inside the packaging. I was able to force the motorcycle back into place, after some playing around. I then tried using it, before my son did, and I was absolutely stumped. I would gently hold the sides of the tire so that the red tread could rotate freely, but this toy wouldn't move more than an inch on carpet. I then tried it on our kitchen floor (linoleum), but again, it rolled two inches before it would tip over, and make the whirr-noise. I had (much) younger siblings, parents, other children, etc all attempt to use this toy, and no one was able to succeed with making it move more than a couple inches before toppling over. If we received this as a gift, I would end up tossing it in the garbage as I'd be too embarrassed to ask for a gift receipt to make an exchange. My son now just plays with the motorcycle and leaves the wheel in his toy room.<br /><br />FYI: I received this toy via a sampling program through power reviews."
These are cheap Chinese knock-offs of actual LEGO products.  Art and designs are stolen from LEGO and legit toy customizers.
Bought this for my 4 year olds birthday who loves gymnastics and my 3 year old was too big for it! So disappointed but I guess that's what you get for your money!
"Balloons do not fill all the way and the ones that do fill, do not stay filled and shrink to the size of a ping pong ball."
sorry but this product is a pretty bad quality.... the ¨mirrors¨ are completly usesless since they are all scratch etc<br />not recomended at all -5 stars
Not what it shows on line - Not all animals make sounds
"I know my family history pretty far back and the results from the test are wrong. Based on the test results I should be sporting an awfully dark TAN right now, but I burn in the sun. Hint SCAM!"
"bad quality... brocken in first try.... look fake more then the other .,the one i bought.... not recommend"
When the balloons fill and fall down the rubberband is not strong enough to hold them closed and all the water comes out. Only about 20% of the balloons actually stayed closed.
"Balloon place said they couldn't fill it because it was defective. Didn't seem worth the hassle of returning, but I was disappointed. They said it popped or something."
"I was so excited to get this as a gift for me and my daughter but when she opened it for her birthday yesterday it's hair is not intact at all and it's all over the place and looks nothing like the picture. I was so sad. Good thing she is not old enough to notice things like that yet, but I am and I was very disappointed."
the arrived broken and they didn't work properly.
Extremely poor quality.  Rubber came off a tire on three of the four cars ordered. The fourth car is still in the box; I am anticipating its demise as soon as it is on the track
Horrible purchase. Cheap and flimsy
"I bought some of these from a store in our town and they worked great. I purchased five packages of these and after using three bunches, each bunch were faulty, once they were filled and came off the fill sticks they poor water out of the tops until they were deflated. They did not seal. I was very disappointed! I would have sent them back, but I had given them to grandchildren. What a flop!"
all the bands broke- not meant for adults- it was a waste of my money and the event was a flop
These Shopkins are fake! Do not buy!!! We received 3 of the same packages and they were all previously opened and taped back together.
After installing a complete set of these it wouldn't fly anymore.  Noisy and out of balance.  A complete waste of money.
It cool but one problem it only works with top of the line phones galaxy note nexus and iPhone I have an LG escape 2 which is only a 2 months old from the production line so now I wastes 50$ for my daughter for her not to be able to be close to her mother while she is gone because it not compatible with my phone that I bought 2 weeks ago
"I ordered three of these for my kids.  1 arrived broken, 1 arrived only working partially and then died the next day and the other one seems okay for now.  They came in Friday and I returned two of them today, Monday.  Don't waste your money on these as they are poor quality."
Not a fan of this. After buying I find I would rather actually read a book to my child.
Was expecting a nice condition figure like explained. But instead I got a figure that was busted open on the bottom and ripped open on the side. I'll go elsewhere for my figures from now on.
"Just visited the little girl we gave this to. The ABCs stop at S! Would have rated this a 5, but can't excuse teaching a child to learn the ABCs only through S."
I did not receive what was pictured.  The fan I received has only one button on the side that only turns the fan on and off.  It did not come with any instructions on how to program the fan though it appears to have a port that could be used to directly connect it to a computer to program it though I'm not sure what type of connector it needs (it is not standard USB or micro USB).
It did not work right out of the box. 2 of the 4 propellers did not spin. I was excited to try this and it was a total letdown.<br />Very disappointed that Amazon would deal something like this. I have another drone that cost $15 from Radio Shack that worked a lot better than this.
More than half of the balloons did not tie off.
"Don't buy these. They smell terrible, like plastic and chemicals. There's some kind of oil or slime all over them that I can't get off no matter what. Now my hands smell too. Oh and there's dirt in them and on them.<br /><br />If you want something to send to someone you hate, this might be it."
"it seems cheap like a Halloween costume.  I wasn't expecting a lavish dress but I also wasn't expecting a paper thin costume either.  I bought it for my daughter to give to her at Disney, she saw it so now I can not return it:("
"Updated January 2016: This product broke after what I would consider normal use for a child's toy (my 4 year old put it in a backpack which he carried around the house for 10 minutes; tablet came out with its screen cracked).  VTech customer support told me that the warranty was void due to misuse of the device.  I was then told I could purchase a new one on their website.  This is the second VTech toy that my son has broken in less than 6 months use with no help at all from their customer support or &#34;warranty&#34;.  --Original Review-- Bought this as a replacement for a cheap Android tablet.  I was hoping for a more open app experience, perhaps with access to Google Play or Amazon's appstore.  Unfortunately, this tablet is locked down to VTech's store which has very limited options for &#34;approved&#34; apps, unless they were made by VTech or Disney.  There are plenty of &#34;branded&#34; games, which at least seem to all be educational, even if the branding doesn't always make sense.  The real disappointment for me, however, was the amount of advertising built into the unit.  The tablet came with a sample cartridge... of movie ads for games not included.  The tablet also came pre-loaded with more movie ads stored on the harddrive, which I have yet to figure out how to delete.  There is also a beanstalk game to indoctrinate my child with the more sleazier practices of app development, like real-time delay timers (take a look at Tiny Tower on the appstore if you don't know what I mean).  That said, the product functions, the headphones worked (for about 12 hours before my child broke them, YMMV), and there are some decent educational apps.  I also like being able to load my own mp3s on the tablet and I was able to convert some of my movies to the required MP4 format for the Innotab to be able to play them.  Note that the Innotab will not play WMV files or AVI files."
Very flimsy
The lines become tangle up inside the reel cover and are difficult to correct.
Very poor quality. Don't waste the money buying these.
"missing parts, no instructions! don't buy"
"We ordered two boxes of these balloons (totaling 240) and we only got around 30 functioning balloons. Yes, we followed the directions exactly. Unfortunately, the ones that were &#34;functioning&#34; had to be thrown so hard that the kids couldn't even pop then. I got hit in the back of the neck with one and it just hurt because it didn't pop. And it was thrown from the top of a water slide! We had a clown show up at the party and she had a cooler full of water balloons (not this brand) so I will be using whatever she used next time."
"As with other reviews, it was a lot of fun until it started to split along the seams after 3 weeks, and now it's completely useless."
So when I turned this drone on and plugged Linked the remote and plugged the piece the baterie turned very red and started smoking so I turned it off quickly and it was blazing hot so then I did it again and it worked but when I would try to fly it up it was flipping and kept falling very bad drone
Dont buy this ones.. are for old rc with no hex.. crap
"Too small in my opinion., but they worked out"
"It would not hold air, the head had two holes which I patched, not sure what going on with the bottom part, but it would not inflate well enough to stay afloat in the water, it tips over making it unusable. could not send back because by the time I went use it my receipt had been thrown away."
Horrible blaster
I know it says that &#34;colors may vary&#34; but I thought there would be at least SOME color.  Every bottle was white... Not cool for my 4-year-old's birthday party.
Mold builds up inside and you cant take it apart unless you drill some holes.  Love their toys but this one miss the mark.  Get the ferry boat instead. It comes apart for easy cleaning
Didn't like the quality of the product.
Broke within 15 mins. Did everything the directions said to make sure we use it correctly and it still stopped working.
"Winter may be coming but so is a Pint Glass with scratched adhesives and crooked placement. I'm very disappointed.<br />The glass came nicely wrapped but, upon opening, I noticed the Stark logo was scratched.  I thought to myself, already? The reviews of this product haven't been too kind,  It got worse.  I thought I could live with the scratch and I poured myself a glass of water. My office colleague came by and quickly noticed that the &#34;winter is coming&#34; adhesive was crooked.  Sloppy.  The Starks and purchasers of this produce deserve better.<br />Winter is coming but this glass is going back."
"The very first time we used it, the seam split when we were half-way down the river.  It was a calm river too.  The single person tubes worked quite well.  I would not recommend the double tube.  Also, the built in cooler does not keep anything cold.  The ice melts within an hour."
"These toys are so poorly built! Within a few hours several were already broken. Pieces coming off of the tops, screws coming out of moving parts and wheels coming off. And this was just my 4 year old playing very quietly at the table with them. I contacted the company who apologized and promised to send a new set to replace the broken ones. We received a package a few weeks later with only 2 replacements (when I originally contacted them more than that were already broken and discussed). They have since also broken. My son loves them, even broken, or I'd just send them back. That is a lot of money for junky toys. So disappointed."
"This would be a great item if they would just send it to me, like they said they would in June. It is now Aug grrrr"
was very few pieces for the cost. very disappointed and sent it back
We were looking forward to playing this game when it arrived.  We planned an Minion evening with movies. The game buzzer is broken and only the nose lite up.  The fun part of the game is the buzzer gong off.  The shipping box was already thrown out so now I am stuck with a broken game.  HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT.
Did not work and deflated completely after 1 hour.
Found 6 pieces of wood broken and no directions with kit
"This only gets a star because I can't give it a zero. There was no chain or cord only a thin cheap wire. The charms are not as they appear, some are plastic some are metal. There is no wooden box for the charms only a black velvet bag. I did not thoroughly read the reviews because it was on my niece's wishlist. I will never make this mistake again."
"No Black Marker! Whaaa...Now I have to buy other 12 pack of Supertips for my child to get a black marker. The art teacher is ALWAYS saying &#34;Take out your black marker&#34; I'm told. Come on Crayola, there should have been 2 black markers!!!"
"I bought this for my grandchildren, and it's a silly game, which games should be but they did not like it.  we played it several times but there was very little interest in it.  grandkids are 7 and 9.  they really like the Spot It games much better."
"While the Barbie itself was just fine, the windsurfer board was not.  The slots where the doll’s feet were to attach were too big so that the doll would not stand up on it.  For all that I spent on the set, I should have just bought a $5.00 Barbie in the bathing suite and called it a day.  My granddaughter was not at all happy that she got a doll and surfboard to take to the beach to play with …. and all she got was one more Barbie to add to her collection.  What I ultimately got with this purchase was a waste of my money and a very disappointed little girl."
"Wife bought this for our son with the idea of protection it from some of his fits/accidental drops. There are two things wrong with this:<br /><br />1. Zero front side protection. So never drop it on it's face.<br /><br />2. The right and left bumpers are not only not protected, the case will BREAK you bumpers if the device is dropped. The design of the case is poor, if dropped the 2DS will come out or will shift enough to catch on the bottom of the bumpers. This will cause the bumper to receive all of the force of the fall and pop out the base of the button from the main case. If your child tries to use it this way, the plastic that holds the bumper in place is thin and will be damaged if attempted to be used after being dislodged. You have to take the entire back off, not just the battery compartment, and re-seat the bumper and spring.<br /><br />I would not recommend this to anyone who actually wants to protect their device. I discovered issue #1 upon opening the package and issue #2 after my son dropped it a few times and the bumpers kept popping out for some reason."
It says MADE IN CHINA in big red letters...so tacky!
"Poorly engineered, terrible quality. Parts are falling off, antenna broke off the first day. Amazon should not be selling this junk."
"I should have read the reviews prior to buying...mine came without the solar, just a sad hole. 😕 (but it was Prime Shipping, Prime is good right?)"
Just gone too use ours for the 2nd time and it's stopped working so have a very disappointed daughter. Just wasted money on buying refills for it too which are not worth the price you pay anyway. If I could I would not even give it the star that I had to give it to submit my review.
Broke to easy
It worked when I got it. When I gave it for a gift a month later it stopped working.
The thing would not hold air.  It was hreat except for that tiny detail.  When i asked about returns i only had 24 hours to get ot back in the mail.  I was on vacation and was unable to return it so one of the kids had to sleep on the floor.  REAL NICE.
The Green Lantern Child's Hal Jordan Costume looks exactly like the online photo.  BUT...it's made from VERY cheap material that starts to tear on the seams and the material runs as soon as a child starts moving with it on.  I returned the first costume I received and had it replaced within two days but the second one tore and ran exactly like the first one did.  I wouldn't recommend this item for any child.  Very disappointing
"Very cheap looking, not very many bristles for sweeping! Wouldn't recommend it."
Toys were VERY cheap quality wouldn't buy again ended up throwing over 2/3 out since they didn't work.
The item arrived with markers that are all dried out and unusable. Very disappointing.
It's a mini slinky. Not the full size. Not what I wanted.
"I am a very ANGRY mother because of this product. My son who celebrated his 1st birthday on Aug 8th received the Sit-to-Stand alphabet train for his birthday from my sister. The age on this product says 12-36 months. At first I loved this toy. My son loved this toy. All the sounds and lights, it kept him occupied. Until last night. My son started screaming and then fell. I rushed over to him to find that his entire arm was lodged inside the chute on top of the train that's meant for the alphabet blocks. His arm was stuck inside the train all the way to his biceps. He's lucky that when he fell, he didn't break his arm. He's just learning to walk so his balance is weary. Took me 5 minutes to get his arm free from this toy. My husband almost broke the toy out of worry if we were gonna ever free our son's arm. I took multiple pictures of my son's arm, that happens to be red and swollen around his elbow and up. I am very angry! This toy almost broke my 1 year old's arm!!! Whoever created this product needs to be fired for over looking the block chute on top of the train. For &#34;one of the top toy manufacturers,&#34; I expected better. I WILL NEVER BUY A VTECH TOY EVER AGAIN BECAUSE OF THIS!!!!!"
2 bags came in. One for the alphabet and the other for the numbers. I opened the alphabet bag and most of the magnets did not stick to the refrigerator. I did not bother opening the number bag.
Do not waste your money
Wish i can give this 0 star for false advertising. The recommended age for this is 2-7 yrs but in reality this is so tiny that its only suitable for 0-2 years. I bought this for my 4 year old's birthday present and was disappointed when it arrived. Do not purchase this product for anyone older than 2 years.
Gimmick disc.... very bad as a disc golf putter. Rubbery edge bounces off chains.
Product arrived defective.  I wish I had paid more attention to the reviews before ordering.
"I didn't like this game at all. Great quality product, but not something I enjoyed"
Stiff....pretty unusable because it's so stiff
"Horrible production quality. The color is faded on everything, the tokens are the wrong size (noticeably smaller), and the miniature is horribly painted."
"Not all items were Crayola. The outside paint design and label on the markers (not Cranola), which were made in China, were smudged on the markers as well as the soft plastic packaging.  Very disconcerting as a child would be using them. The sanitizer was also made in China. The 6 pencils were loose and had no information as to what material (graphite or lead) was used in them. Wasn't familiar with the name on the construction paper. I guess I expected a Crayola Kindergarten Supply Pack to contain Crayola products. It appeared that items were thrown into a box regardless of what company made them."
"Received it poorly packaged and completely broken with sand and liquid all gone,  glass pieces in box from the Crack/break.  Just glad I opened this before my kid did.  Asked for a refund but honestly,  I didn't even bother because it was so cheap and not worth my time."
bad
I did not receive this so I don't know really what to say about it but John Wayne was a great actor/ entrepreneur
Bad
not esey to use does not make real bath boms and makes a big mess
Not exactly as advertised.
No string to tie the sides..and No pocket!  This is not what you see in pic!
"I am a very ANGRY mother because of this product. My son who celebrated his 1st birthday on Aug 8th received the Sit-to-Stand alphabet train for his birthday from my sister. The age on this product says 12-36 months. At first I loved this toy. My son loved this toy. All the sounds and lights, it kept him occupied. Until last night. My son started screaming and then fell. I rushed over to him to find that his entire arm was lodged inside the chute on top of the train that's meant for the alphabet blocks. His arm was stuck inside the train all the way to his biceps. He's lucky that when he fell, he didn't break his arm. He's just learning to walk so his balance is weary. Took me 5 minutes to get his arm free from this toy. My husband almost broke the toy out of worry if we were gonna ever free our son's arm. I took multiple pictures of my son's arm, that happens to be red and swollen around his elbow and up. I am very angry! This toy almost broke my 1 year old's arm!!! Whoever created this product needs to be fired for over looking the block chute on top of the train. For &#34;one of the top toy manufacturers,&#34; I expected better. I WILL NEVER BUY A VTECH TOY EVER AGAIN BECAUSE OF THIS!!!!!"
Marshmallow got stuck on the first use.
do not buy
I returned this item due to poor quality.  The characters faces looked awful.
It broke five minutes after my son opened the package.
"I bought one as a backup in fall and it sat in the basement all winter. First hot weather, we got it out and the lower baffle did not stay inflated even 24 hours, so I chalked it up to loss and bought a second one. The air valves on these pools are incredibly difficult to seat. The seal for the larger air hole sits in a groove like an 0-ring, and the first few times you do it, it's worth your life to get it to seat properly. The valve is intricate - has a smaller opening in the center of it that makes the whole thing ungainly and, I would think, apt to leak just on its own. Gradually the o-ring fitting loosens up, but it's a fight. Went a week with daily refilling of it, thinking I didn't get the seal right. But there's a slow leak somewhere and after a soap test, it's not the filling valve. Upper baffle on the second one failed to keep the air in, and we're returning it and avoiding Intex.  We've been using inflatable pools from other manufacturers for the last 7 years, so it's probably not us. The seller approved a return right away, the only saving grace on this. Trying one we got (same size) from K mart, and it has an air valve just like the ones we used to get from Walgreens, that could last up to two seasons.  The larger valve has a rubber gasket that plugs the hole and then a screw-on lid that goes over - no guesswork involved. It has a much simpler and separate mouth blow up valve a few inches away. The downside is that you could lose any of the four little parts, but the upside is that it's not hard to open, close or know it's sealed correctly the first time. And, since the pool are clearly not meant to last, you can save those parts and grab one if you lose it the next season.   Let's hope we get the remainder of the year out of this one!   Update: air is holding in the Clearwater - and that make is available on Amazon, I just didn't know it."
"The package was open and there was only butterfly, the others was not in it."
"These are cute but beware.  They will fall apart if thrown by your toddler.  Ours came apart several times and my 2y/o picked up the clear plastic top and put his finger in the hole.  My husband had to use a hand tool to cut it off his finger as it instantly turned purple. Lesson learned, if it falls apart throw it away immediately."
too little product for the price
Would not recommended buying this steering adjuster fell out on first use and the battery stays charged for only a minute
would not have purchased if it had been accurately described.
It was junk
"If possible, I would give it a lower rating. I purchased two of these for each one of my boys, ages 4 & 6. They broke within mere moments. The plastic &#34;screws&#34; holding them together came out and the pins went everywhere!!! I had intended on returning them however, my husband had surgery and his health declined so these were just discovered in the original box with intentions on mailing them back them we were cleaning up the office space. One breaking is &#34;oh, that can happen&#34; issue. Two?? That's poor quality!"
Very disappointed with this wig.  It seems really cheap and doesn't begin to fit my granddaughter. I should have gone with the more expensive one.  Didn't want to go to the expensive off returning it.
"This helmet is made of extremely flimsy, thin plastic.  Mine was cracked in 3 different places upon arrival."
Fan started making grinding sound after first charge. Returned
Well firstly the cover we ordered at the same time was sent separately and so we are having to pay an extra 1795 postage for a 3 dollar item and secondly it's stopped working already so very frustrating for my 12 year old who waited with much excitement to get this<br />No major crashes to cause this may I say...
"Read description before buying, it says 4pcs.. Only received 2. Contacted seller, very rude and I don't know but they keep saying it's only 2pcs even tho it says 4pc in description and in product name. Product is great and my child loves it, but I would have liked to get what I actually paid for."
Sucked broke it fast
Very thin balloons and they didn't stay filled - the water leaked from the balloons before use.
"As others said, very cheaply made and will I doubt if it will last long. Better off purchasing the real one."
I got this for my 8 year old grandson.  Put the batteries in and all the lights went on.  The problem?  It didn't work!  Well let me correct myself.  It worked if the two wires (one on the remote and one on the car) were touching.  So what did I end up with?  Having to return the package and one little disappointed boy.  If I buy a different RC...I will be sure to check it before he sees it!
Used once....didn't work after that.  Returned and re ordered and that one didn't work at all!
it was not working properly
Only one plane but picture shows you four. Also when I received it only one propeller was attached- yet fell off very quickly on its own
Broke right away. Don't waste your money.
"The classic bait and switch, this junk will only  work by buying more Crayola crap....."
will not work - Minimum assistance from manufacture.  Would NOT buy again....
Would never buy again.  They definitely do not look like the ones pictured here.  I would send them back but too much hassle.
"Very cheap.  The kids popped a pig within an hour of playing with it.  Would not recommend.  The original Pass the Pigs was a blast, I was very disappointed at this."
"Missing pieces, unable to build"
"Bus &#34;seats&#34; are molded, take up space yet are not usable for play figures.<br />Bus would be great the interior were empty & kids could put &#34;stuff&#34; in the bus."
What a waste.  It does not fly at all.  just nose dives a few feet away from us as we push it off because the propellor does nothing to make it fly - the propeller does move around in circles but won't carry the plane.  It seems too heavy after the batteries are in that it won't carry.  super disappointment for my five year old.
sucky quality
These are cheap Chinese knock-offs of actual LEGO products.  Art and designs are stolen from LEGO.
This product was received damage. Every single one. None of the suckers were able to be used and I wanted to return them.
One drop on the floor and this was leaking. Would not recommend .
I want my money back. The part you suck on is made up plastic and can't be bit down on. Feels NOTHING like a pacifier should. Only 2 of my 3 lights worked.
This is a piece of junk that fell apart in couple of hour while my 5 years old was playing with it using the small basketball that came along with this product.
"It was recommended to me to purchase these to write on black cardstock; it was a waste of money because only 1 or 2 of the colors are showing up and the rest I can't even see. Very disappointed in these. I will be returning them. If I needed markers for just anything I may have liked these, but I was looking for something only for black card stock."
too small of a pinata for all that money
Horrible. All 5 of my packs came with spells and traps and I didn't get not even 1 monster card. 2 out of all of the packs were opened and the packs that were not open had cards for another set
The LVC warning is useless as it just drops. I would fly this in an open field or inside only where it can't be lost when the battery cuts out.  I'm editing my review. The non-camera version is very nice and fun but for the LVC warning as I stated being too short. But the camera version just flew off by itself several times. I saw another reviewer of the camera version by another seller say the same thing.
"Glasses didn't work fresh out the box. Wanted to use these for the BlackLightRun, instead of paying for an overpriced pair there. But these didn't work at all. The other items I was wearing that glowed in the dark and/flashed made these translucent pair look like it was doing something. I just looked &#34;cool&#34; with a pair of glasses that didn't work on my face. I had brought these because I have Amazon Prime, so I knew that I would receive them in time for the event. Since it comes in a pack of 12, I planned on getting their early and selling the rest. Happy I didn't try because other event goers would've been upset and started looking for me, demanding their money back."
Very cheaply made. Feel apart in 5 mins!
"I got these paints to add to an art box for my sons 9th bday. He was excited. I chose these because they claim to be washable and in a house with 4 children that is always important. One night my son went in his room to go to bed and found his 3 year old brother, who has an earlier bedtime, covered from head to tow in brown paint. As was the floor (carpeted), his bedroom door, and many of his toys. The brown was not a product of one tub of brown paint. It was the product of all 10 tubs of paint mixed together on the floor. After giving the child a bath, wiping up as much excess paint as possible, washing toys and the door, I took out my $300 carpet cleaner and got to work cleaning up the WASHABLE paint from the carpet. 45 minutes, an entire bottle of detergent, and dozens of water changes later and our carpet is still stained. The mess was my sons fault. I am not faulting crayola for what my son did. But these are not washable by a long shot."
I thought it was the disneyland one so i got for my son birthday then when i got home from work and saw the dinosaur it wasn't the one from disneyland it the one from the disney store
"The box art shows the orange track going directly under the crane with the car seemingly driving toward the crane. And the actual photos posted here show the car driving AWAY from the &#34;rocky&#34; side of the crane. If either was accurate this stunt might be ok.<br />  However the cars only seem to make it under the crane (to clear it or engage it) by traveling forward ACROSS the rocks TOWARD the crane -- traveling the other way, the way pictured, causes almost every car tested to get stopped and possibly stuck under the back, or lower end, of the crane.<br />  Trying to drive cars the way pictured: regardless of the claw, cars rarely stay on target to enter under the crane; the slippery &#34;rock&#34; surface and wide &#34;mouth&#34; of the entrance to the crane almost always makes the car crash. Even if the car misses the swinging claw, it crashes, making the stunt pointless. Have tried it with dozens of cars; over the last year we even pull the stunt back out of the toy box every few months to see if we can get it working but we always end up frustrated. We use other stunts every day that work great; try the Quick Kick Loop or Barrel Roll instead."
Overpriced on Bungie store they are selling the same one with an extra piece for $190.
"Came torn, unable to use"
Product arrived defective.  My daughter was very disappointed.
did not get cups
I don't return many things  I returned this. Calibration was such a chore and once calibrated it didn't register the full movement. Will spend more to get something more functional.
"Not sure what I received, but definitely wasn't what this looks like. I received something flat with some mangled wiring with what appeared to be a feather, it was pathetic. My son cried."
"This is my 2nd TC4 kit, and I experienced three bad screws (slipscrews) in diff units. This makes me unable to upgrade the gears, which is very frustrating since I need to buy three whole diff units. I contacted Team Associated support trying to get replacements, but they are far from willing to do that. Waste of time... So I have to return the whole car kit."
"We've had this less than a year and it has already stopped working :(  And, it really wasn't being used much until this last month when my little one was able to figure out how to work the controls. We replaced batteries, but it will not run when you want it to, and will move every now and then on it's own. Such a bummer :("
"The colors of the marbles is not as shown on the box. No red marbles. Blue marbles are light blue, very close in shade to the light green. There are white, a very pale yellow, and bone, all of which are similar in shade and hue. When playing with 6 people, very easy to confuse your marbles with those of an opponent."
"Sure, they may come with extra balloons but that's because you'll be needing them to replace all those with holes or loose elastic bands. Friends and i fill all three bunches and every time most of the balloons had water squirting out of holes or the top requiring knotting the ends of all the balloons. The problem is that you can't do it fast enough and many need refilled. I'm never getting these balloons again. They're not an affordable alternative, they're a waist of money leading to an ineffective water fight. Spend a little more money and get something you and your family will enjoy."
It sucks
Terrible.
"I think it was broken.  Nothing visible. but it wouldn't fly.  I would just flip over.  Plus, one of the propellers was not excited about turning.  Every thing else about it was great.  The time it took to get here was good."
"because we just opened this way past the refund window, we cannot return it.  It clearly is missing a piece or something is not configured correctly.  Stay away."
Horrible horrible!!! They all deflated by half before the party was even over! And it was only an hour and a half long party!!! And the war on the BIG Mickey Mouse popped while blowing it up! So very disappointed 😡
"These are the tiny tablets,reseller intentionally leave that out of his item description,and you cannot zoom in on the photos of the product to be able to determine that,I feel that it was all done intentionally because you can buy the large tablets and quantities of the 150 for the same price"
"these broke after two uses the plastic sword snapped in half, they are impossible to control and i think you should save you money"
"most of the balloons blew up but I put them in a tub waiting for kids to arrive, by the time they arrived, about an hour later most of them had lost all the water!  unless you are going to use immediately don't buy these"
"I was very irritated with this product.  We didn't receive the cartridge that plugs into the system to make the puzzle interactive.  I am assuming that the seller sold a previously-opened product as a new product.  Not sure how else a key component would be missing, unless Fisher Price messed up when packaging it.<br /><br />I couldn't even return it because my daughter really wanted to do the puzzle anyway.  The I-Jig isn't a great system since nothing is remotely intuitive, and the buttons don't work well, but this is unrelated to my review, since I knew that when I bought this add-on (my kids still play with it).  Still, I wouldn't likely by another of these online with the risk of missing pieces."
This arrived broken.
Look at this photo it looks like they are webbed together. These are individual single glow necklaces with a 3 pin connector. I would just order a pack of singles.
"Was not pleased with this doll at all, neither was my daughter. It was poorly made and within of a few hours of her playing with it an arm and leg popped off. Would not recommend this at all!"
"It was cute enough and fit my daughter well. However, the manner it was packed in was inexcusable. She was unable to wear it due to how mishaped it was from the small box it was sent in. Nothing seems to make it look like a hat not a box."
This toy is the worst. It will not float and sinks when filled with water. I noticed that there was black flakes of mold in the tub. I opened it up and found this. I have two boats and bother are filled with this.  Will be contacting fisher price in regards to this.  This is a serious health concern. Extremely upset.  Would give no stars but had to give at least one star.
"Worst rocket ever !!<br />TOOO Complicated & doesn't include any Engine pack or recovery wedding , its like ... Buy it , build it and after your child is totally excited tell him sorry have to wait little more as no engine pack and recovery wedding !!<br />You need more then $15.00 stuff to complete building these rockets ... Disappointed"
The lolly doll broke the first time we played with it. Had a  Disappointed 4 year old
for a boat but not waterproof . duhhhh  y would you even make this
posted by a 9 year old I payed 10$ for this after 2 days the doll broke so sad never get this doll never worked after that
You know it's a s*** board and company when the trucks are on backwards on the boards
"The checkers are VERY small. Not sure why they made them this way. Also, if you're trying to &#34;king&#34; a piece, forget about it as they do not stay on top of each other. Also not magnetic but that was mentioned. I had to replace the checkers with checkers from another game that actually worked. Good for chess only."
Tiny  box....tiny pieces.
What a piece of junk!  I can't get it together. All I can say is don't waste your money!!
"Doesn't work, charger says balance lead not connected."
My child is sad this toy not working  its look nice but i hate it becouse my child is sad
Sunk on its first trip around the water.
Doesn't always pop.  Very disappointed in the quality..
They do not work!
"Too difficult to assemble, and although I did my best, it was futile and my kid was frustrated. Aside from the fact it was difficult, some plastic parts was uneven and could not fit each others"
"There are two sizes of these trains and these are the smaller version and does not fit the standard train tracks... Was disappointed when I saw them when I visited my grandson and saw the difference, he was trying to make them run on his track but they did not fit.  If you are buying any of these Fisher-Price, make sure they are the larger size, I suggest you see them in the store.  All the ones I bought from Amazon were the small ones.  Very disappointed as I thought I was buying him the larger size."
S***TY - DONT ORDER!
Too small
"There are two sizes of these trains and these are the smaller version and does not fit the standard train tracks... Was disappointed when I saw them when I visited my grandson and saw the difference, he was trying to make them run on his track but they did not fit.  If you are buying any of these Fisher-Price, make sure they are the larger size, I suggest you see them in the store.  All the ones I bought from Amazon were the small ones.  Very disappointed as I thought I was buying him the larger size."
I would not buy these again. Tried the first batch and all of them deflated with the matter of minutes. Second batch I kept them attached to the plastic stick and removed by hand. I had to move the rubber band down on all balloons. Many of the balloons had holes and drained. Had to refill balloons with water multiple times. Idea is great but the end product needs improvement.
Smaller than advertised
I was very excited to get this and couldn't wait to run this car.  Unfortunately the car (4-wheel drive) broke after one use.  It was allot of fun while it was running but now it's just sitting there.
Terrible design. I bought it for the shade and its cross pieces have multiple tiny leaks at seams. Better to buy a bigger pool and a ramada.
This color was too dark for me
"Those are not carbon fiber, just black plastic, to light and unbalanced, not recomended for dji phantom 2"
My daughter returned this saying it was breaking and causing a danger to her two-year-old.
Its made in china. was very disappointed in price for a made in china product and not a German made product.
I believe some of the reviews are plants.  The instruction booklet is no help and written in broken English (as with some of the reviews).  Drones quality was low.  First one literly fell apart in the air. Replacement arrived and the camera did not work.  The web site on the box is shut down....Don't buy this product andvamazon should seriously consider removing it from the site.
Cheap! Took too long to receive and it was just a terrible purchase.
Mine were not the ones I oredered the heads don't move and these are not the ones in the picture on the box it says price was 14.99 I paid well over 100.00 I was not pleased to receive this product
"Does not work outside, gets stuck and does not move. Works inside great. Very disappointed."
Absolutely not and will be reselling in a garage sell to the first buyer !!!!  I totally was disappointed at how old this gAme set was
I did not receive the right cube.  It is not a real Shengshou and this is not a speed cube.  The one we bought at Wal-Mart was much smoother.
Broken when arrived.  Refund issued.
Recived totally different glove than what was pictured for sale at the time... Not happy
It was awesome--when it worked.  :-(
"I gave up after the second one. The first one worked well out of the box, after that it would only charge at 2amps or less. The second one came with buttons that appeared to be misaligned and completely inoperable."
"I opened the package and gave the Hokey Sticks to my 4 year old and 8 year old. Within 10 mins, 4 year old accidentally hit the 8 year old on the head and cut him good. Kids toys should not be so sharp. I threw both sticks in trash. The tennis ball is harder and heavier than a baseball. I can’t find a logic in bouncing that against a trampoline net (goal net). A total Hazard of an item and NOT safe for Young Kids and too small for big kids."
"Total rip !! Not everything shown ,was in my order .  Should have went to a party store and found each piece myself! FOR A Lot LESS"
really lame - you are better off printing a rug picture with a home printer and cutting it out than using this
"had to return - the description was not accurate. these are adult sized, not kid sized, and are even big on my husband's head."
"DO NOT BUY!  Although my kids love these necklaces, the color rubs off them immediately and transfers to my kid's skin.  Then I am left with cleaning purple stains off their neck.  Terrible quality!"
"We received these as a gift. They were cute but….. difficult to put on the sidewalk. Not something a kid under the age of 10 could do on their own. Requires adult assistance. Worst part, they DID NOT come of the sidewalk after a few days as stated. After 4 weeks I had to scrub on hands and knees with several types of brushes till they finally faded. NOT worth it. Unless you want your sidewalk tattooed for the long term. I only gave it one star because the designs were cute."
"No, it did not at all. When we opened the box it was not what was expected in terms of his look."
Doesn't work.
"My daughter was really excited to get this and put it on immediately. However, it was so hard and itchy that she took it off instantly. The picture looks MUCH better than the actual product."
Not adjustable
These are cheap Chinese knock-offs of actual LEGO products.  Art and designs are stolen from LEGO.
cheap
Cheaply made magnets.  I expected something a little more substantial - like at least plastic.
The second time we used it the seam tore apart!  It can't be fixed the tear is too large.  Too  bad it was really fun while it lasted.
Horrible! Do not buy. Most of these balloons fill so small they don't even break unless you throw them against a brick wall. Thosee that don't even make it that far just pop off and leak out. Horrible product. Ruined the idea of a quick and easy balloon toss at a picnic over the weekend.
Very thin and very disappointed!!!<br />Overpriced for what we got
"Theses are NOT U.S. military or style BDU's, the camo pattern is not even U.S. military. They are a very cheaply made, poor quality material. More like a Halloween custom. Not good for Hunting or other outdoor use. Seller only response to this information is &#34;OK&#34;."
Can not understand what it is saying
It is VERY hard to trace the letters smoothly. It's jerky and stiff. My son (7 yrs) has decent handwriting but writes slowly. I got him this as a fun way to improve muscle memory. He wound up spending too much time going back with extra strokes in trying to pick up the magnet balls he didn't pick up thereby negating the purpose of the product.
got a hole in it after one use
These ripped at the seams after a few uses.
I would never by this or recommend to anyone. When I attached it to the hose to fill the balloons only inflated a small amount before they fell off. Many of the balloons had holes in them so of course they wouldn't fill. It was almost impossible to attach any of the replacements I purchased to &#34;refill &#34; without putting holes in the new balloons. I was very disappointed as were the kids.
"the stickers are the wrong shade, even though they're &#34;supposed to be&#34; for a shengshou! I'm really disappointed about this, I thought all lI'd have to do is replace 4 stickers; now it looks like I'll be doing 36 of 'em. The sheng shou 6x6 had the damaged stickers right out of the box"
"The only thing that made this kit was the hair braid - everything else either came broke (the jewels had to be reglued) or when trying to put together, it broke.  Would NOT recommend this to anyone."
"Just gave is to grandson for his 7th birthday.  Very disappointed!!! Never &#34;flew&#34;. Lifted few inches off ground for a second or two.  It does seem durable. Waste of $$$$$. For the price, I expected more."
They don't glow very long.
Bottom line...it's too much money to spend on a paper wallet.
broke the first time my 4 year old nephew used it :( So disappointing
Was not a Ty benie at all a cheap imitation mini stuffed animal very disappointed
too small
What a desapointment this toy is about 3 inches tall.. He is a main character so imagine my surprise when I open the box and found a small toy  and super expensive.'' please don't waist your money on this . !!
It is VERY hard to trace the letters smoothly. It's jerky and stiff.  I got this for my 9 yr old to practice. He wound up spending time going back and adding extra strokes in trying to pick up the magnet balls he didn't pick up the first time thereby negating the purpose of the product.
Doesn't work as good as it advertising!!
I need money
"do not order if you want standard 4mm bullet connectors.I was completely ripped off,These are Half or even quarter the size of the ones in the picture and do NOT fit with any other 4mm bullet.Waste of money,useless"
I only received 10. Very disappointed
damage card
Very disappointed with this product.  Top is extremely thin and will break quickly.  Cannot carry this item without any handles to support it.  Will not purchase again.
This machine was really disappointing. It worked great the first time and then was knocked over once and has never blown bubbles the same since. At first it would blow a ton of bubbles pretty quickly but after being knocked down would only blow a few at a time sporadically.
It came with no remote and no Manuel
"My son really wanted this. So I bought it as a gift for him.  We received it and there was some assembly required.  Would have been really easy, unfortunately the antennae that is supposed to screw into the remote controller, did not go in.  I have tried to contact the seller to return and have since had to file a claim as he/she is not responding.  Very frustrated.  Would not buy from this seller."
"There is a HUGE warning sign in 20 something languages on the side the photo is not showing you...if I had known, I would have bought a different inflatable..not worth my $8"
This is nothing but junk. I wouldn't even consider letting my child swim in this. And the size is completely misleading. I bought this for my 3 year old grand daughter that wears a size 4T and we couldn't even get this on her.
I wouldn't order again.  All three were the same character.
These are ridiculously small.
Disappointing. Guns will not stay in hands. $20 bucks is too much for this.
I ordered these cute owl blowouts. However what I received were plain blowouts with light purple instead of dark purple and NO owls on them at all. Very disappointing!!!
Maybe it's just mine but it seems like all it does is leak!  Bubble Hurricane is definitely the way to go!  So disappointed with this!
"These are absolutely useless. Plastic is way too soft to hold the screws in tight. I used super glue to try to hold the screws in, but still lost one shoulder screw on the left side and both on the right side on the very first run on the track."
"Only 24 of 40 &#34;working&#34; pieces that lit up at all, not anywhere near aS brightly as advertised / shown in pics. I've purchased similar items from other sellers before without issues like this. Unreal."
Fell apart after one use.
The first lady bug umbrella I received had a bent handle. I took pictures and was sent another one. This gift was for my niece and I noticed a couple months later the pole being bent again.
flimsy clear plastic.  the colors have faded onto the other colors.
Don't waste your time or money - THEY SUCK  - PERIOD . No manufacturer info. on the package so you cannot contact the maker.<br />Many had pinholes and many of the one's that didn't leaked anyway - the kids were disappointed and the adults were pissed. One star rating ONLY because there is no ZERO star.
"Do not purchase this, after 5 minutes the propeller fell off and is now at the bottom of the pond. The second one lasted10 minutes before the same thing happened, They were fun for the children when they worked but due to a poor design and cheap construction they are now in the trash"
Not as pictured
Cord has already snapped. :(
"I got this as a 1000 piece and it's terrible. The picture is so blown out, and the pieces are so pixelated, that I had to use the back (which has groups of letters) to put it together. I planned on framing this as a gift, but the picture looks horrible. Maybe a smaller size puzzle would work better."
These exact same toys can be bought at Walgreen's for $1.99 each!!
"Although the product was in fine shape, the packaging for the product arrived completely damaged. The plastic cover was detached from the cardboard back, and the carboard was bent and mangled. As a result, the item was not suitable to be given as a gift as intended since the terrible product packaging made it look like it was used.  I ended up given the actual toy to my son who has enjoyed playing with it very much."
These are terrible. Not only poorly built but also smell. They are a fake China product. They only barely look like the avengers. I would have never bought them but my wife did without reading reviews. Let me repeat - they are fake and from China. Cannot state that enough. Amazon should never allow these to be sold here. Amazon should refund everyone's money for buying this junk. Anyone who is giving this 5 stars is involved in this product in some way and wants it to to scam you out of your money.
Parts were broken when it arrived
Im sorry but the quality is bad...
It Says It Is JDM. This Has NOTHING To Do With Cars Except For A K & N Decal. VERY DISSAPOINTED.
"thought it was bigger, need to put better dimensions on it. The kids loved it though"
Target has these for $4.99 so I cannot understand why some of these go for $15+ on Amazon?!?!  It measures about 2&#34; x 3&#34; and compares in size to the 1:64 Monster Jam trucks.  The toy itself it wonderful and my son loves it!  But I would never ever pay what Amazon is charging for it!
"What a waste of money.  Received the tumbler from Amazon, then left for two weeks.  When I returned I ran the tumbler once and that was the first and last time it worked.  I tried to use the usual procedure to return the broken item when I learned that there was only a 30 warranty.  I guess the bottom line to this story is don't buy inferior merchandise from Amazon if you go on vacation and don't plug in and use within 10 minutes of delivery.<br />Amazon:  why such a sort warranty?  You should print the 30 days warranty in bold letters on the order page."
Poor quality..don't recommend
"My three-year-old granddaughter loves the animated Peppa Pig, however, this toy is NOT worth the purchase. It is recommended for a three-year-old -- WHY!? There is No creative activity to inspire a three-year-old's imagination and the little Peppa Pig plastic figurine doesn't fit into the seat. CHEAP piece of junk!"
Clever concept - but did not work.
"First let me say my grandson who just turned 4 loves this 4 wheeler!! But, we have had a few issues. 1. The directions to put it together were useless. It was very involved and took a few hours. If you are not a mechanic, it is a lot of work. My daughter looked up the make and model and found a video on u tube for instructions. 2. Screws  keep popping off the handle brakes and gas pedal and the wheels are loose. The screw to hold on the heavy metal brackets in the front didn't fit and the screws to hold the plastic cover in the back were not in the pkg. That took a trip to Lowes. 3. Where is the info about the company and a warranty??? How can you send something in the mail like this with no paperwork? You get more info when you buy a small appliance for 20$.I will give this 3 stars because my grandson loves it so much but I worry about how long it will run and who will fix it?? I have tried to contact the company all week with no response. A very rude woman who answers the phone told me they have a life and will get back to me eventually. Maybe when they see this someone will!<br />UPDATE: The longer my grandson drives this piece of junk, the more parts fall off.  Now the chain won't stay on.The company want me to pay 100$ to mail it back and I filed a complaint with Amazon and they won't do anything because I didn't file my complaint within 14 days. We ordered it early because it was a birthday surprise and he didn't even have it yet. Very disappointed in Amazon!"
These are extremely small and I didn't realize they were made for kids. I needed them for an 80's party for adults and was unable to wear them because they were made for kids. Works great if you're looking for a kids fun glasses though
"These are absolute junk.  Bought them for my 3 yr old, because he loves &#34;cops&#34;! Decided I'd try them on, before giving them to him, to see if they fit, they did, most of his toy ones do not.  They did however get stuck, and not unlock with the directions and key. This panicked me, and sent me scrambling fur a pair of pliers to pretty them apart with to get them off.  Decided he wouldn't get either pair i bought.  Returns are also such a pain, I'd you don't have access to a printer."
"Piece of junk, about as slick as sandpaper."
too bad quality. My kid broke it in his third or forth trial of throw.
THIS DONT WORK
Peeled off after only one day of exposure to water.
Failed after first try
This was poorly made and was not worth the money. Cardboard tubes will not last look and the lights were very disappointing.
"I guess you get what you pay for, the pile broke within a week and 2 of the fish cracked right away."
"Unless you are going to have a water balloon fight in the first 10 seconds after filling these forget it. After you turn on the hose they fill and fall off like expected. However right after that the water leaks out quickly past the &#34;o&#34; rings that are at the base of the balloons. The &#34;o&#34; rings are not tight enough to hold the water in.<br />  We ended up pulling the &#34;o&#34; rings off, filling the balloons the conventional way and  tying them.  Only then did the fun begin. It was a waste of time.<br />  The balloons themselves were of decent quality, bio degradable? Who knows?.<br /> Under conventional filling  and tying they worked but why bother with this  gimmick just don't wast your money or time and go old school."
"Very cute looking, but it wouldn't make the tribble noise. I changed the batteries, but it still would only work randomly. My Trekkie son was VERY DISAPPOINTED. Now I'm stuck with a tribble whose battery pack is hanging out of it. I don't have time to send it back.  :("
Battery does not work! Will not let me return it.
Expected more
Had the button on my desk for about 20 min and it broke before that the volume was very low
Actual product is nothing like in the pictures!  The belt was made of plastic and cloth.  The holster is cheap plastic and looks nothing like what is advertised!  Absolutely horrible buy!
"Half of the balls in package are very hard, not shaped correctly and were unwrapped."
"The picture wasn't same and, even if I was willing to overlook that, there were 4 colors missing so I couldn't finish it if I wanted to. :- /"
"İt smells like chemical,  I do not like the colors, waste of money."
Should have followed the other reviews. Puzzle falls apart when unrolled. Do not waste your money..
"If I were you, I wouldn't even buy this if it were my first frisbee ever. Incredibly cheap and not designed well. I should have expected it."
"It's all really cheaply made stuff. My 5-year-old niece liked it just because she worships all that is &#34;Frozen&#34;, but when it arrived, I was really disappointed (especially since it was $25!). The jump rope is super lite rope and is hard to use because it's like trying to jump rope with string. The kite is garbage and doesn't fly & I'm sure that it would rip in a second if we got it to. The pail is super flimsy and you can do better at any grocery store or drug store in the summer with a better quality pail and shovel.<br /><br />Thankfully this was an &#34;add-on&#34; gift and I had gotten her some nicer stuff and this was just a fun summer-y thing, but if this is your main gift, you can do SO MUCH BETTER (for a lot less) with items by Melissa & Doug or things along those lines.<br /><br />I'd pass on this one - Disney is just trying to make a buck here. Bad Disney :("
"very cheap looking,  I sent it back. Never got something this trashy through Amazon before"
"Definitely not a Disney product, but my son thinks he's cute....I guess"
GET THE OLD GAME<br /><br />This new &#34;improved&#34; version really stinks. It is so easy to get the pieces out of the guy. Our four-year-old did it with no problem. Do not buy this; get the one that is like the one that they made 30 years ago.
Very feeble and cheap.
"This is NOT Authentic LEGO! This is a Fake, Chinese Knock-Off!"
Broke the first time we hooked it up.
"I am a very ANGRY mother because of this product. My son who celebrated his 1st birthday on Aug 8th received the Sit-to-Stand alphabet train for his birthday from my sister. The age on this product says 12-36 months. At first I loved this toy. My son loved this toy. All the sounds and lights, it kept him occupied. Until last night. My son started screaming and then fell. I rushed over to him to find that his entire arm was lodged inside the shoot on top of the train that's meant for the alphabet blocks. His arm was stuck inside the train all the way to his biceps. He's lucky that when he fell, he didn't break his arm. He's just learning to walk so his balance is weary. Took me 5 minutes to get his arm free from this toy. My husband almost broke the toy out of worry if we were gonna ever free our son's arm. I took multiple pictures of my son's arm, that happens to be red and swollen around his elbow and up. I am very angry! This toy almost broke my 1 year old's arm!!! Whoever created this product needs to be fired for over looking the block shoot on top of the train. For &#34;one of the top toy manufacturers,&#34; I expected better. I WILL NEVER BUY A VTECH TOY EVER AGAIN BECAUSE OF THIS!!!!!"
Cute idea but started unraveling almost right away.
"Absolutley a piece of junk.  My grandson used it for about 1 week and it wouldn't steer any more. It was not broken up or abused, just stopped going left or right.  If you don't mind going forward or backward enjoy!  I will go to the RC store and get him a new one that the manufacture will stand behind."
These bracelets came all stuck together. They were difficult to separate and did not maintain it's form once separated.
My son was disappointed with poor paint quality and a couple figures being broken on arrival. We were using in a bag of misc items for party favors.
"The picture was very cute, but I didn't notice it was made of soy ink.  As I am highly allergic to soy, I will not be able to put together unless I wear gloves and hope it doesn't get in the air.  As I am not the only person in the world allergic to soy, the warning should be predominate."
"the t-rex we recevied had a hole in his throat... we tried to patch it, but it just looks like he should have quit smoking, or stayed away from indominus rex.  The head portion deflates within 30 min.  Mildly amusing because it looks like he is getting sleepy as the air slowly dissipates."
"Very misleading, thought I was getting three rings but this product only ships one ring."
This product don't store to much... it keeps collapsing
"the product wasn't what I expected. When I unrolled it the sheet was bent. In addition the directions on how to apply it were vague. Lastly the product took forever to get delivered. I bought a different wall art from another company, but it was so easy to apply because the product was durable and ready to adhere to the wall"
Love it
"I have a large head. Hat size is 7 3/4 to 7 7/8. I bought the XXL version of this helmet. It did NOT fit. I decided to remove some of the foam padding inside the helmet so that I could wear the helmet. Eventually, I got the helmet on. It was uncomfortable, and tight. I felt that I removed enough padding to make the helmet ineffective. It's now in the trash. If you have a large head, DON'T buy this one."
The bar part worked just fine we went to blow up chairs and all but one did not work . one the cirlcle part on seat was pulled away allowing air to excape the other two would not hold air at all. We are very disappointed .
seat ripped first time down the river
This kite broke on its first use. I can get a better quality kite at the dollar store.  So disappointed.
"It breaks too easily, and now the won't let me return it. The darts keep popping out too the point they will not shoot out. Don't waste your money."
The bottle is very small and not aluminum  at all
Only held air less than s month.  i would not recommend.
Received this float. I am really disappointed. It came and someone else had returned it. It was missing the rope that goes around it and it was very filthy inside and out. Piece of junk. It also had a hole in it. Not worth retuning and spending money to send it back. Vendor not reliable with this product
"I wasn't expecting much from this, but I was at least expecting the little arms to hold a piece of chain-nope.  Not worth the effort to even send back."
"Plane was covered in dirt and dust when I pulled it out of the box.  Completely disgusted that I couldn't even give this to my child.  I had to thoroughly was it.  Then after I had it cleaned, the screw for the battery compartment was stripped, so we can't even get a battery in for the lights to work.  I think maybe it was used.  Don't buy this plane, get one of the planes from Green Toys, USA made."
Within an hour of setting up this pool it had a separated seam in the ladder section. I'm very disappointed in.this item.
Battery connection for Drone and battery charger both have male ends.  I have no way to charge the Drone's battery!
Bought this and it didn't work at all the first day I tried it and then tried charging it but then found out it was not charging.Very very disappointed
got a hole in it after one use
bed
These are very cheaply made and the dye rubs off and bleeds.
"Broke after a month. Not worth $7 bucks, you're better off buying something from the grocery store."
"Cheap crap with misleading photos on the box. It's a 21-step assembly and my son broke one of the legs just trying to assemble the tiny parts. It doesn't move when built; I have taken apart and tried to get it working three times with no result. Hours of wasted time and a disappointed kid who now wishes he'd spent his money on something else. I'm starting to realize there's a whole industry of cool-looking, &#34;science-y&#34; toys that you open up and realize are just plastic crap."
"One broke with in the first hour, the other a few weeks later. Not very kid friendly for a toy. Very disappointed."
One of them is broken. It stays lit up whenever the batteries are inserted and can't be turned off. I need to return them for a new pair that works.
"We want to love this toy, but it arrived open, used and broken on our 7 year olds birthday. He's been begging for this toy for a year, and we wouldn't normally splurge so much, and bought it against our better judgement. While it's super cute and likely loads of fun, I doubt I will order an electronic toy from Amazon again. This toy is so obviously used and restocked and made our kiddo cry. But I guess lesson learned, always inspect your items and don't wait to open the box at the last minute. I do understand that some items are defective, but this is a major oversight. My husband is running around town looking for a replacement now... such a bummer! UPDATE: We did get another. But I can't say I am impressed with this toy. Perhaps it's just the let down after all the hubbub, but it seems rather one dimensional and finicky. Falls over and crashes a lot. Doesn't really obey claps, motions etc. It got some giggles at first, but both kids seem a little let down, and like they might lose interest."
"Broke after 2 hours of use. The rim began to seperate from the backboard.  Returned for refund. Purchased Swim line 9195, much better design."
I have used this trick before but didn't need to buy this item. you can just as easily burn the strike strip of a match box in order to get the substance. This saves you money and shipping time.
Missing antenna
I have several drones and wanted to add this one to my collection. Fairly simple startup routine. The quad would only try to flip over. It acted like one of the gyros was bad. (I'm an EE). Over the next 3 days I went back and forth with the tech support in China. They wanted me to replace a motor and I said no. Finally they said I could send it back at my expense for a refund. I could not see spending more money. Chalk this up to only buying Prime.
Not a fan of this. After buying I find I would rather actually read a book to my child.
"The battery lasted 4 months, then would not charge anymore. The charger blinks red which indicates a bad battery. I'm now reading there is no warranty. For 50 dollars there should be some sort of warranty, at least 1 year. Not very happy with this purchase."
Way too expensive!!
"I cannot stand this train set. We have the garage and airport as well. Everything has to be configured exactly because there aren't very many pieces. If you don't do it exactly then it won't work. There is probably a way to make the train set attach to the garage and airport but I don't feel like spending an hour of my time figuring out how. As a mom, I've got better things to do and my almost 4 year old can't make a complete set on his own. The trains and other vehicles go over a part that is supposed to talk. They often get stuck and just stay in place while the wheels move and make an awful awful clicking sound until you free it. If it's self propelled then why does it get stuck all the time?  I seriously hate this toy and hide it every chance I get. The wooden Train tracks are better because they configurations are limitless and so much easier (and cooler). They also don't sing dumb songs or get stuck."
Really bad toy. Was disappointed how cheap this toy is.
Thin material and my thumb went threw it..
They break too easy. Screws strip out to easy.
I came broken. Can't say anymore
Never came to life?
DO NOT BUY REDCAT.  The RedCat volcano we purchased broke the first week we bought it and the retailer would not accept returns and diverted us to Redcatracing.com an office in Phoenix AZ with rude customer service (James) and incompetent manager (Bill) who sent me a non working charger (3 times) until the ESC controller got damaged from a 9v charger they sent me which should have been 7.2 v. By then 90 days had passed and they rejected my claim by saying: &#34;I'm sorry but your car is out of warranty and we can't do anything for you unless you send us a check&#34;. When I explained the car was damaged due to the wrong charger they had me pay for the repair ($55 plus shipping). They shipped it back with melted face cover and a non working charger that came apart the minute I took it out of the box. I had to ship it back because the vehicle was stalling every 2 minutes. In total I spent over $100 in parts and handling expenses and my RedCat still does not work.  When I asked for a new charger they denied me my claim and hung up the phone on me (James). When I spoke with the manager he falsely accused me of improper language (which I would never do) and said they would not help me with my truck.  I don't know what is worse the quality of these vehicles or the customer service from RedCatRacing. This is the worst RC experience I've had in my life and will NEVER BUY REDCAT AGAIN.
It's a bootleg.
"I bought this product for my son last Christmas and let me just say, to anyone who's reading this review, this thing is an unbelievable piece of junk.  If it were possible to give zero stars, I would.  The mark-up on this item is criminal, it can't have cost more than 5 cents to make.  It's basically a box within a box.  It's just thin plastic packaging with stickers on it.  Truly awful."
doesn't do what they show on the commercials but the company will replace it ? ? ? but my opinion big waste of money!
This does not need to be in girls toys
"Price was great for the two items, however, ours arrived damaged like so many other Amazon products I've received."
"My daughter saved up for months to buy this, only to be frustrated and disappointed when she try's to use it. It rarely recognizes the password when she says it (the same way - every time). Then on the occasion that it does accept the password, it doesn't unlock the Royal side."
Bad.
they did not fit
"I bought this for my granddaughter's third birthday. It arrived in a flimsy outer bag, a damaged box, and needless to say the cardboard &#34;cake&#34; was damaged, too. In total, this product is a waste of money. JUNK!"
The pin broke within the first week.
Not durable at all. Broke in about 20 minutes of play.
The set was not complete. Missing some part's. Not to happy😯
This was way too small!  It must be a child's size!
"It is very offensive and culturally appropriative to dress kids up in &#34;Asian kimonos&#34; for Halloween or any other occasion that does not honor that culture. Little children have no discernment and wouldn't know if they are demeaning a whole race by representing it in a stereotyped and inaccurate light. This would pretty much sum up the whole costume experience.<br />&#34;The best news: I wore the costume on Halloween to be funny. Then the next day I took it off, and I was just me again. Isn’t it awesome that I didn’t have to deal with the racism or oppression some people actually experience on a daily basis? Best Halloween ever!&#34;"
Does not work.  Balloons do not pop.  Got these for my daughters outdoor birthday party.  Kids did not like them.  Luckily I had a lot of other things for them to do.
"Really gross, sticky texture that is a magnet for dust and dirt. Small pieces are a serious choke hazard. I assumed they would all be attached, but they come out."
This car is trash. I got it to start and within the first 5 min of break in the transmission. Gears broke complety. It's made out of cheap plastic
"Falling apart at the seams, my kid loves it, but it ripped the first time I carried it. Cheap, but Cheap!"
"Horrible purchase.  Shoes exploded in the first hour! Earrings broke, tiara broke, only thing left is necklace.  This was given to a 5 year old, not a toddler.  Very disappointed!  As was she!"
"Bought for a luau kids birthday party and when we blew it up the day of the party, it had several holes and would not hold air. Very disappointed."
Nice Idea. But cars all fall out once open. Cheap product. DO NOT BUY unless  you want one angry/frustated toddler. It is going right back.
Poor made in china!
Not a fan of this. After buying I find I would rather actually read a book to my child.
It broke after 10 minutes of usage.  Was not dropped or treated poorly because I was showing my son how to transform it when it broke.  He had not even touched it yet.
they broke before we could install them.
"I really dislike the design of this toy.  My son seems ok with it, but it's such a wasted opportunity to make a great pirate ship.  The boat sticks to the wall and is really only a half boat, cramped for space, so that's nowhere near as fun as a free-floating boat.  The pirate actually sinks to the bottom of the bath, as does the little dingy boat, there are no real moving parts on the ship except the wheel on the back which inexplicably rotates for no apparent purpose. you can pour a little water through the bell, but the opening is the size of a thimble.  the pirate isn't well balanced so he falls off the tower a lot.<br /><br />Really disappointing product.  Lots of potential to great creative with a pirate ship just wasted here."
Very cheap made toy!! A piece broke on it within minutes of the boys playing with it. They like it but it won't last long. Cheap plastic!!!
The pool had 2 holes in it when I set it up which I duct taped.  The walls collapsed in 2 days.
does not charge correctly
Walkera just threw a quad at us without even testing it. Mine died with the common flip of death where the escs loose sync and the quad hoes headfirst into the ground
It's a toy not gold.
I was very disappointed in these tiny<br />little pacifiers. They were much much<br />too small and hardly worth what I paid<br />for them!
Very spacious and sturdy.
"Small, and doesn't hold the weapons well.  Toy is poorly made, not a good product.  Seller is great.  Shipped on time and received product in short period of time.  Rating is for the product and not for the seller."
"I Got this Front Loader for my son 9th Birthday .. He had a big smile on his face then we took it out of the box an charged it up  .. The remote control did not work so then i took it apart for him then i fix it  ,, Then he took it out back to play with it an the dam thing didn't  work at all !!!!!!!!!!!! So then i had to fix the bucket on the RC Loader again ... Then my son played with it today 8-16-15 for about 10min or less then the GEARS BROKE JUST PLAYING ON THE KITCHEN FLOOR ........ WHAT A  F***ING PEACE OF S*** !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! So i had enough  fixing it .((((SO THEN I SMASH IT )))) DO NOT BYE THIS RC LOADER SAVE YOUR HARD WORKING MONEY .. WHAT A JOKE ,,,"
i got one and i pay 35$ new and i fell like wow what a waste of money dont get this
Was not the size I expected. Too small & returning cost more than the original cost
The microscope does not work!!!
"I thought this was going to help circulate the air in my car during the hot, NV summer. First time I put the unit on the driver's side window and put the electric window up, the unit broke into pieces .Not good."
"I don't know, maybe POOF-Slinky is code word for miniature Slinky. But the &#34;Original Metal Slinky&#34; label that immediately follows it in this post implies that it isn't a miniature version, but the ORIGINAL version. I had an original version as a kid and this isn't the original. The original was large enough to go down the stairs, which is the best part of a Slinky. This one doesn't go down the stairs. Or I should say, this one doesn't go down the stairs, unless you kind of throw it forward and try several time to get just the right amount to thrust to keep it moving forward enough to make the trip. I was successful one out of seven tries."
"So dissapointed! They are not water tight! Plus, it looks like the ducks I received were already used before and some of them already have black mildew inside! Half of them have squekers and half don't.  The painting is poor quality, and the packaging had poor quality. No instructions and no label saying that they are bpa free. The packaging wrap was also not good!"
"There are two sizes of these trains and these are the smaller version and does not fit the standard train tracks... Was disappointed when I saw them when I visited my grandson and saw the difference, he was trying to make them run on his track but they did not fit.  If you are buying any of these Fisher-Price, make sure they are the larger size, I suggest you see them in the store.  All the ones I bought from Amazon were the small ones.  Very disappointed as I thought I was buying him the larger size."
STAINS BRUSHES! Leaves brushes dry and stiff.
"This Was not what I expected, it was ship from China and with different label which is in Chinese. Poor package with all in Chinese. Ridiculously long waiting for the package.  Very disappointed."
holy crap! biggest waste of money EVER!!!
Both did not work. Piece of junk!
"dont buy... waste of money, arms are too long and flex too much... wasnt able to fly with this frame..."
"This bag is really cute, but it is too small for my 5th grader. You cannot put a binder in it.  It will not close if you do. Now I have to pay 6.00 to return it and order the other one."
"Wrong version. Advertised as HD 720p, got SD 480p which is awful. Absolutely disappointing."
I received a cheap knockoff that was missing parts. Beware of knockoff  product that clearly isn't hubsan.
Not worth 144 dollars got this for 20 at botcon
"It did not work and had bad batteries in it that were decaying,  sunglasses on Mickey's head were also broken off"
"I think it should be more details about this toy, Also it did not last long for my daughter, Brand new batteries and it went dead super fast. Great idea just think it needs a little bit more work"
Speaks in Japanese. Read the fine print of everything before you buy. Lesson learned. Cute tho.
This is a good way to waste money. I feels to big for the system and I keep needing to adjust it to fit. I just dosen't fit.
Terrible Robot
small，color much darker compared to website photo，looks bad
I feel like this was really cheaply made and the doll's face was very manly for being a princess. Not what I was expecting but my daughter who is two didn't notice much other than it was a princess so I guess it was worth it for the price.
"Broke with first use.  Right side tires won't stop spinning so it just goes in circles.  For the price, I thought it would have been a good choice.  Disappointed."
"This is a terrible product. The person who gave it 5 stars is clearly not concerned with where his money is going. These toys produce nothing but static and very, very muffled voice-overs. We could not understand each other, no matter how hard we tried, and from any range. This is further proof that you get what you pay for. If you have kids who don't really care if a toy works, then these are for you! Otherwise, spend the extra money for a good product. I will let you know when we find one.<br />By the way, THANK YOU Amazon for being so nice about returns. We are going to try a different product."
I got these for our church kids. I filled them up an hour or so before the event. Not all of them filled up and they kept popping as they set in the tub. They popped way to easy. Waste of money and time.
Everything is written in Chinese!
Sinks in the water and completely fell apart after just a couple of weeks.
"Would not stay on any head, especially a 3 - 4 year old's!"
"Lopsided when inflated, smaller than expected"
Arrived broken
Price must be a mistake.  Good goggles for the price it should sell for but this price simply must be wrong.  Do not buy!!!!!!
They are poor quality and don't stick to your teeth. Really bad buy
Son had for a weekend. Jammed every time he tried to use it. Disappointed. Returning. Wouldn't buy.
"Great idea, but poor quality and poor design.  After a month of light use, one of the BBs got stuck in the down position.  Also, the magnet on the pen is so strong it makes it hard for kids to use the product.  Not recommended at all."
The balls deliver did not match those picture on the web site.  I returned them because they were not satisfactory
"I am a very ANGRY mother because of this product. My son who celebrated his 1st birthday on Aug 8th received the Sit-to-Stand alphabet train for his birthday from my sister. The age on this product says 12-36 months. At first I loved this toy. My son loved this toy. All the sounds and lights, it kept him occupied. Until last night. My son started screaming and then fell. I rushed over to him to find that his entire arm was lodged inside the shoot on top of the train that's meant for the alphabet blocks. His arm was stuck inside the train all the way to his biceps. He's lucky that when he fell, he didn't break his arm. He's just learning to walk so his balance is weary. Took me 5 minutes to get his arm free from this toy. My husband almost broke the toy out of worry if we were gonna ever free our son's arm. I took multiple pictures of my son's arm, that happens to be red and swollen around his elbow and up. I am very angry! This toy almost broke my 1 year old's arm!!! Whoever created this product needs to be fired for over looking the block shoot on top of the train. For &#34;one of the top toy manufacturers,&#34; I expected better. I WILL NEVER BUY A VTECH TOY EVER AGAIN BECAUSE OF THIS!!!!!"
"VERY CHEAPLY MADE! I could have done this for less than $5! Looks are deceiving! I went to Party City & for LESS THAN $30 (not including coupons) I could have purchased one that looked like an artist put together! It say Large, but it is smaller than the ones I physically saw at Party City. Delivery was quick, product is a piece of garbage! It has really cheap paper flat white &#34;pointy party hats&#34; loosely held together & very thin streamer like strips hanging from the tips that easily break off or fall off as you gently handle it! I AM DISGUSTED, FEEL RIPPED OFF AND WILL NEVER ORDER FROM THIS BUYER AGAIN! I would be embarrassed to ask for $10 for something my toddler nephew would put together better, let alone the almost $40 I paid for it! DO NOT BUY THIS!!! You will get better quality from your local store! I would give this a negative Star or 2 if it would permit it!"
First time using and it had an air leak
Wayyyyyyy to small for my traxxas summit........but you said it fit?? I cut it out and took a lot of time getting the stickers right so I could present it as a gift. When we went to install it doesn't reach or sit correctly at all.
"Horrible, horrible. Bad bad quality. They were chipped and bad painted... I decided to return them as soon as i opened de box. Very disappointed."
"Almost immediately ripped in the back. I'm assuming this is due to poor quility because my son has several other mickey mouse dolls, and others and none have torn and he has owned them longer."
They are very cute. I actually spray painted them to match the party decor. BUT they actually are not heavy enough to hold down one 9-inch balloon. It took three of them to hold down ONE balloon. So just be aware that you will need a cluster of them to hold down a set of three or five balloons. I don't think that is at all functional. They should be a bit heavier.
In the product description is says 12 and up in the product details and on the box it says 16 and up. I ordered it for my 12 year old - dissapointed.
"Unfortunately, some deflated (around 10) balloons from each batch of these deflated after being filled.  Product was easy to use though."
Why so expensive for a shopkin it makes no sense at all never buy
Poorly made. Broke right away.
"Pretty terrible design. All the internals were wet and rusted out after one use. The battery lasted about 15 minutes, and then corroded."
"Basically a hunk of junk. It's difficult to assemble because it is poorly designed. The tower is loose, the hats fall off the skeletons, the canons don't actually do anything. Waste of money."
The description says 4 ch for (4 channels) yet there is only one frequency. I purchased 7 of these for a racing and was unable to do so due to the same frequency.
"The seeds don't sprout! I've tried everything! Also, the container doesn't have drainage so it's very hard to water without drowning the seeds."
gears spin too quickly
The board I received was a cheap knockoff version. I ordered a red board and yes the packaging was red but the board was black! And the glue holding it on to the plastic was not very effective as the board slipped.
Waste of money
"Tested on good battery when received, only getting EE8 on display, after reading other reviews it must be faulty"
I would not purchase this tea set.  The &#34;paint&#34; or coating chipped off as soon as my grand daughter played with it.  I threw it out immediately.
The skates were very cheaply made and the clasp would not stay fastened. I returned them for fear my grandson would get hurt when the clasp came undone.
Not impressed. Comes in two different size tabs (TINY and regular size) and they do NOT make the colors which the container says that they should make. DEFINITELY not worth the money for these! Mixed the blue and red tablets to make purple for my niece and got GREEN instead?!
I got this for my son's birthday and it broke not even a week later.
the colors are dull and worst of all the color from the pegs bled onto clothing. not safe for children
"Disappointment. I wouldn't recommend these, hardly any balloons actually held water. DO NOT BUY."
Very deceptive.  I thought I was ordering two packages of five.
The arms are held on by flimsy plastic rings so they can rotate unnecessarily.  The first Baymax had a broken right arm out of the box.  The second had a broken left arm.  I will not be trying a third time.
Most balloons did not seal and deflated before they could be used.
Your product might be cheap price wise but your shipping price is outrageous. 😐😐😤
This thing.. man.. the package it's self is poorly made.. the food is cheap crap.. I wish I hadn't bought this
It did nothing but grow mold all over the rubber animals. What a waste! Don't get this. You and your children will be utterly disappointed! I should have listened to the other posts.
Broke within the hour.
Draft Board kit was sent with only the player stickers and no Draft Board.
"No traction on the front tires, so it can be very frustrating for your child. My son (who is 5) spent about 30 minutes riding his trike with his 7 year old cousin (who also has the same trike). The next morning they both complained of a very sore back. That night my son got in the bath and turned around and we could see his entire lower back was bruised from the low seat of this trike. He said it was from having to push back so hard to be able to pedal and get traction on the front tires. Very poor product."
Product was delivered in a timely fashion however the product is horrible.  The balloons do not hold water and most of them fell before they were full. Never buying again.
received it all broken up from packaging
Too overpriced for me
"Poor quality product, but ultimately workable if you're a little determined. The holes on the bottom plate were too far apart for the holes in the arms and required a bit of enlarging. The screws for the outer holes in the top plate were too long by 1.0 - 1.5 mm and bottomed out on the plastic before pulling tight against the top plate."
The table covers arrived with holes in them. Extremely disappointing.
"As a bottle opener, it works.  However I bought it for the novelty, and since it has never made a sound (eg no talking voices when i open beers) it thus cannot be rated highly"
Just another toy.. not worth a dime
"Too difficult to assemble, and although I did my best, it was futile and my kid was frustrated. Aside from the fact it was difficult, some plastic parts was uneven and could not fit each others"
Some of the inflatables had small holes in them
I pre-ordered this item to ensure I would get the one I wanted.  I patiently waited for the item to come and when it finally arrive it was the wrong item.
"Horribly made. I got it as a surprise for my son and he put it in the water and it went about 3 feet before it stopped working. The seam was missing so the water just leaked right in to the wires. Now I am unable to return as there's a 30 day return policy and I bought it in advance so by the time my son opened it, it was already passed that 30 days. So if you are going to attempt to buy, make sure you open and use right away."
This Hot Wire Foam Cutter didn't even get hot. It was useless for our project.
Bottom rips to easy.
"Its a fun toy that I enjoy, but it does not make any noise because they batteries were dead when I received it."
"I added this to my son's birthday wish list by mistake... thinking it was lego. I am so disappointed in this product! Pieces keep falling apart, images in the directions are difficult at best to follow. I can't for the life of me get the wheels and engines to stay in place.<br /><br />Simply said, you pay for what you get. While the 'real' lego plane is over $200, I'm willing to spend it for a higher quality product. I'll be sure to read the labels better next time"
"Sadly - they really need some quality control on this item. I have received 3 of these sets (Amazon kept replacing them) and each time they either arrive with broken pieces, or easily fall apart in days. Maru's mask breaks off instantly, drips chomper falls off and can't be reattached, blackouts blade broke off within days, and deer's wheel fell off! Sigh. We have almost every planes toy they sell and this set just seems to be a total dud."
"I purchased this for my nephew, who loves Big Hero 6.  When it arrived, the right arm fell off immediately.  I found the return policy to be very simple, and requested a replacement.  When the second one arrived, the left arm fell off immediately.  The problem is that the arms are connected to a very flimsy plastic piece inside the body.  My nephew never even had a chance to break them since they were broken right out of the box.  I would not recommend this to anyone, especially if you plan to give it to a child.  The only purpose it could serve is sitting motionless on a shelf where you don't know the arm is broken.  Very disappointing.  One star is really too high."
I purchased some about seven years ago they are now starting to fail! I love them the ones I recently purchased are horrible they started to come apart after one use! Would not purchase this type again not all one piece as the other one was from Swim Way the orange one is the older one!
The eyeholes are placed real awkwardly on my face and it was so cheap quality
It popped within a few hours of inflating it!  Doesn't hold up.
Broke within 1 hour of first use!
Very disappointed with this tape.  We went to put it down on the caret to put with my son's wooden railway to make rail road crossings.  The tape does not stick very well to the carpet and comes up as he is driving things over it.  I was using plain masking tape which worked great but liked this because of the road design.  One the tape is gone we will be going back to masking tape.
Arrived damaged.
"Like everyone else, couldn't figure out the hose until hours (after the slide tore), when I realized you just put the female side of the adapter around the rubber nipple then attach your hose.  Meanwhile, it busted a 4-5&#34; hole in the tubing (poor design -- applying pressure to the water bladder at the bottom will rupture the built-in hose seam.  It lasted all of 1 hour.  Stay away -- stay far, far away."
I won't be purchasing anymore heli's from Air Hogs. They spin out of control and crash. Sticking to Syma from now on.
"didn't work, had to call the company to get one that did work.  Cheap damn toys."
very easy to broken
"Might be good, who knows the charger has loose contact. (I know this for a fact because I disassembled the charger to see what is wrong)<br />The copter looks great, might even fly well, but I want a replacement charger. I bought this to play with on vacation, so I got it with prime shipping to get here fast. So much for that. The little molar style connection in the charger is the cheapest build I've seen. I CANNOT recommend this to anyone. Now if someone were to send me a GOOD replament charger. BEFORE I leave for vacation in three days my review may be updated."
This radio is such a cool idea!  My 11 year old son had a great time building it.  He listened to his favorite radio station for 2 days and then the radio stopped working. It was very upsetting that something he had worked hard on stopped working. Maybe we just got a defective one.
Not a good toy.
Thank God it was a 3 pack.  2 were leaking.  It looked like a sharp object penetrated the 2 and missing the 3rd one.
Way too small.
Item defective out of Box
Nope. They definitely don't work. changed out batteries provided too. Just sits in the water. Tried several times. No response. My mermaid loving daughter is very disappointed.
I was very unhappy with this product.  Two of the balloons had holes in them and the 2 heart balloons popped while walking out of the store we had them filled up at.  Not sure what the problem was but it's disappointing when you are counting on them for your decorations!
"EXPENSIVE and DEFECTIVE.  This is our second one, the tail refuses to stay on this one also,  manufacturer defect and a VERY bad one at that.  Worst TMNT figure we have ever purchased.  My son has been wanting Karai for quite some time, however if he picks her up, her tail falls off and he gets upset."
"This is cute, but mine only works 1/4 of the time. Most of the time when the button is pressed nothing happens. Every now and then it decides to work, but at this point I don't even try. I've replaced the batteries, but it still does the same thing. My baby is 3 weeks old and the gloworm has had this issue for the past 2 weeks. I hoped it would have lasted longer than this."
The tumbler would not rotate. I returned it.
"UPDATE: 1 star review As other reviewers stated, ours began to lose air in all the attractions except for the gator. The pool itself was fine, but I paid an exorbitant price for the bells and whistles not for a simple bowl with water. It lasted about 30-35 days and 5-6 uses. The only redeemable thing was that we were able to attach the gator to our above ground pool and use it for a ball toss. I do not recommend this.  PREVIOUS REVIEW; Our 16 month old loves the pool, the sprinkler, and the alligator ball toss. We had no issues setting up or keeping it inflated. My only complaint is that the slide is nothing more than a seat; even completely filled with air, it's too soft and too 'plastic' for sliding. It is pictured with 6 balls; ours came with 4 balls.  We ended up hooking the tube for the sprinkler up to a recirculating pump so that the pool would not overflow/be freezing cold.  I would recommend this purchase."
It in now way will support a 27 inch doll as advertised.  The base is to small plus the extention much to losely attached.  Sorry I was greatly dissapointed.<br />Jimjam
DO NOT BUY!  Intex does not stand by their products.  There is no warranty.  Seams rip and pop. They told me I was in my own.
It was not good
Were advertised with a specific drone... Which they are not compadable with....
could not reset the screws for batteries-got no refund-companyn blame me
very low quality and already broken after 1 week play
"You may as well light your money on fire and get some warmth from it because these &#34;water cannons&#34; are a complete waste.<br /><br />1. The picture shows four water cannons so we purchased two sets. I thought we were getting a total of eight until they arrived and there were only two! After reading the fine print on the item description I see that it does state that only one cannon per order.  OK, fine, my bad, learned my lesson and will read the description next time. I still felt it was deceptive.<br /><br />2. My five year old and three year old played with them and my son's broke the first day. My daughter's broke the first week."
No no no
"Ordered 2 packs of the 12, just got them today....both packs are identical, they look cheep and the colors of the shopkins aren't on the list that those colors even exist.  Do not buy these! They are counterfits!!"
"Two ports don't work, the other two only sometimes."
bad
DO NOT BUY!  Intex does not stand by their products.  There is no warranty.  Seams rip and pop.  Will not last four uses.
The costume has paint all over the back
I thought it would be bigger
There were several doubles and triples.  Wasn't expecting so many duplicated cards
"This product was awful. I received it in a timely manner, but the actual product was not at all helpful and did not do what it said it would. Immediately after water balloons filled they leaked out because the band doesn't hold it tight enough. I would not recommend this to anyone and I will never purchase them again."
"Horrible, doesn't fit right, would've returned if it wasn't more time consuming than keeping it! :("
"description did not accurately describe this set....very disappointed, would caution future purchasers to avoid this item.  most parts to small to hold."
We received these as a gift. They were cute but….. DID NOT come of the sidewalk. After 4 weeks I had to scrub on hands and knees with several types of brushes till they finally faded. NOT worth it. Unless you want your sidewalk tattooed for the long term.
my #3 came with holes poked in it so i was unable to get it blown and displayed as i wished
I was not clear that the product did not have legs.  Very bad purchase.
It's a little bigger than a name tag. I did not read the dimensions. Assumed it was big. Nope it's tiny. Small lil thing to put on your desk. Worth .99. Why bother...
"Junk, they broke in minutes"
It is very noisy and it will scare your kids. We ended up taking out the spring used to pop up the little balls so our kid can use it. But she's still scared to use it months later.
"would not work longer than 2 minutes, constantly having to bind, strength of controller not sure, i guess drone would get out of range and lose control, would not recommend"
This Item is hopeless. All it wants to do is dive into the ground<br />Would not recommend this product
Poor quality toy; poorly designed; expensive product for what you get.
"The handle doesn't stay up and it's for smaller children, ages 1-2."
I ordered these cute glittery feather pens. However what I received were big ugly felt pens. Very disappointed!!!
I didn't know the pieces were that small. I still haven't put it together.
The toy is cool
It was pretty scratched up
"Great when used in a dry setting, but when wet this chalk stains clothing permanently."
"I hate it,it's a fake fdny replica"
Half of them didn't work
"It is too small, and bad quality, it came dirty too. :S"
Poor quality
Awful!  All were different colors of green. The turtle that was supposed to have a red mask- had a brown mask. Must have come straight from a Chinese factory as the package was all in Chinese writing. I threw them right in the garbage !!!  Wonder how much lead was in them too? Don't buy these!!! Had to give it one star only so I could write this review !!!
Description was not good and it did not fit my Explorer GS.
OVER PRICED
My toddler was very unimpressed. Save your money and stay away.
Update review. I bought this June 7th. It's now August 17th and it doesn't work. Save you money and spend a bit more on the digital traxxas charger.
Very discolored compared to what is in the picture. One sided as well. Will be returning.
"Great idea, but poor quality and poor design.  After a month of light use, one of the BBs got stuck in the down position.  Also, the magnet on the pen is so strong it makes it hard for kids to use the product.  Not recommended at all."
"Poor quality - every other balloon broke while adding water or immediately thereafter - despite effort to under fill.<br />(But, yes, the balloons were brightly colored in the package.)"
"Mine arrived and didn't look at all like the picture.  Apparently, there is a skeleton version of the parrot, and that's what I received.  Totally black, grey, and white, with a little color on the tail.  Wings were skeleton, eyes were empty sockets.  Will be returning this one!"
"What a huge disappointment. The pieces do not securely fit together, it only comes with one vehicle, the windmill is stiff and barely moves, it's hard to move vehicles on the track because of the smart point stations being raised, and like all vtech toys the voices and music is so incredibly annoying. And there's no volume control. Do not reccomend."
This isn't Super Saiyan God Goku it's some weird looking go-bot looking thing. Lol wow this is too funny!
These are cheap Chinese knock-offs of actual LEGO products.  Art and designs are stolen from LEGO.
Arrived with Multiply wholes
terrible
"You'll be lucky to finish one of these. The tabs to join pieces together are often too short to actually get a grip to twist them and do not tear as easy as the instructions say. Some of the smaller pieces are too flimsy and easily split when you bend it. Some parts require you to create a curve, and unless you get it right the first time, you might as well toss this in the recycling bin. The instructions are terrible, often putting steps before others that make that task harder than if they had rearranged them in a better order; especially if you buy the 3-piece tool kit they sell for these sets, which are too big to get inside or between pieces."
BUYER BEWARE! Our toddler (almost 3 years old) falls out of this bed all the time!! It has nothing to prevent her from falling out while asleep. We bought an extra guard rail to put along her bed but it was too lon and did not fit. The standard guard rail will not fit this bed. If you do not want your child falling out of the bed at night - DO NOT BUY THIS BED!
I don't like paying for FAKE cards. The shadows under the text and card material were the dead giveaway this was a fake card. Disappointed that CCG Unlimited would sell such cards. smh
Not worth the price I paid. It is very poorly made.
Microphone stopped working after 4 days. Very disappointed
The shipping was slow and the dice chipped quickly
These didn't work at all....very dissapointed. They didn't fill up and the ones that got some water in just leaked as soon as they popped off the filler.
I was disappointed with this cause I only got 1 bracelet it shows 5 of them but I only got one that's why I put one star. .but the braclet was good
"Literally, 4 of them. Total waste of money."
yuk
"I was expecting twelve solid-looking trays like in the photo, but these are papery thin. You have to assemble food where it will be served, you cannot fill and carry these. And because they're so thin, the color is not a strong, opaque green but rather a translucent green."
don't buy
"Total piece of garbage, broke the very 1st attempt at installing....  Very brittle, just crumbles in your hand!"
yuk
"I did not enjoy this puzzle an dended up putting it in the trash since I couldn't complete it.  Typically I'm great at puzzles... but this puzzle has all the pieces the same shape, so if you like looking for shapes, forget it with this one.  There are too many places to get the wrong piece in the wrong spot, even the border didn't go together right.  I had hoped to frame it, but now it is fodder for the recycler."
These were the cheapest things I have ever seen. Most didn't work.
Fake- yeah I threw up in my mouth when I got it 😂😂😂 for real tho- definitely not a real MonoRover R2 😏😏
"VERY disappointed with this &#34;action figure&#34;.  The legs of the ant fall off if you look at the damn thing wrong.  In fact, three of the legs had fallen off before I ever opened the box to get it out!  Oh, and the head falls off too.  Some reviewers have talked about &#34;easy fixes&#34; and those may or may not work....here's the thing though, a customer shouldn't have to even think about &#34;easy fixes&#34; for a product right out of the box!"
Both the original item and the replacement item were broken upon arrival. I'm very disappointed.
"79 reviews are fake. All from September 4, 2013. Don't trust this product!"
Total waste of money. I ordered four because my boys love water balloons. I go and follow the directions and the water balloons don't even hold the water. Not what it says it is
Just bought for my 7 yr old grandso .  Broke within 5 min.
"after 2 days of use the baffles deflated and unable to find leak, tired of inflating this thing, will never buy this product again"
"Cool car for two runs, then it quit working."
Does not fit around the go pro
Cheap! Don't bother.
"Ive owned two variations of this tube, (and many many Intex tubes over the last 10 years),the first had no slot in between the seats (which fills up with another 10lbs of water BTW) or a cooler section. This older model tayed inflated and was smaller and more maneuverable. A) You cannot fill the cooler with ice and drinks because it adds about 50lbs to tube and lets face Intex makes the worst floating coolers ever. That thin little velcro strap doesnt hold up to 50lbs of drinks and food should the tube turn over. The first thing to go on mine were both headrests. Both flat within an hour each. Then the tube itself slowly leaked where I had to drag the under inflated tube the last 100 yards of the river. Theyve bitten off more than they can chew clearly. Why not just add a grill and foot rests to it as well. Do yourself a favor, get two single tubes, you'll have better luck..."
Its confusing non stable I don't recommend for anyone! Not even kids very uncomfortable eye viewerbfalls with ease! Sux
i couldnt use it as it was a petite size which i didnt realize it would be so small
I can't find it<br />the adress is in Timberlake apartment<br />683 Jamestown Bvld Apt#1022<br />Altamonte Spgs FL 32714
Broke within few weeks. Battery compartment is not waterproof. Bubbles always got inside and ruined batteries.
"I just used my Swimline Floating Mult-Game Gameboard for the first time today, and as soon as I brought it into the pool, it started to slowly sink. Floating is really the only thing this gameboard is supposed to do, so it's useless if it doesn't float.<br /><br />First of all, the normal very small waves and movement of water that you'll find in pretty much any pool, hot tub, lake, river, etc. will go up onto the board and fill the trays that are around the edge of the board. That's annoying, but not heavy enough to sink it. After examining it a bit I discovered how it is supposed to float, and why it doesn't.<br /><br />The outer rim of the board is made of hard plastic and is supposed to be sealed with air on the inside. This air is what makes the board float. However, it's not sealed. The top and bottom are held together with cheap plastic pins, which fall out easily. By the time I noticed this, 3 of my pins had fallen out. I only ever found 1 of the missing 3, so I don't know whether it was shipped with 2 pins missing or they just fell out sometime between receiving the board and entering the pool. So the pins fall out, then it's not sealed, then water easily gets into the compartment that is supposed to only have air in it, and then it starts to sink.<br /><br />Also, now that I have it home, I can't figure out how to get the water out. There's no orientation that will make the leaky spots a low point to let the water drain from."
"Terrible quality.  Stopped working after 5 minutes.  We tried everything, and have had people who know these toys look at it.  Nothing fixed it.  The seller would not take it back, because it was after the 30 day mark.  I had bought it early for a birthday gift.  The child was very disappointed."
"DO NOT BUY THIS!!!! This spout guard is almost impossible to take off once put on, after taking mine off to use the shower, I was completely disgusted with what growth was in there! After months of using, my son has been bathing and playing in this tainted water!"
Bad idea
"Easily breakable,  my 1 year old broke rhem in half"
Terrible purchase!  The balloon had no place for the helium to go in for the top of elsa's body.  Was not able to use for the purpose purchased. My daughter was disappointed for her 5th bday party!  The pic attached is the balloon that wouldn't blow during the party.  Very embarrassing.
"These are cheap, faded, discolored. Worst Amazon purchase ever."
"Product is faulty, dont buy. You can change the batterys and wont help. I got 2 sets that dont work. And in the trash within a day of use."
wrong Cartrige dint work send back
way too much money for crap
"well right out of the box it never works and froze up my mobi go. So I don't even know what is on it. contacted the seller and of course never heard back, contacted vtech and they said they don't back the mobi go anymore or their products. Go figure."
would give no stars if possible.<br />given to a child to play with.<br />fan blade where the led is came off.<br />led wires shorted out and started smoking.<br />luckily there were adults present and took fan away.<br />removed batteries and thrown in garbage.
"My 6 year old kid wanted you to all know he &#34;hated it&#34;.  Instructions were in tiny font making it very hard for me to assemble.  Once assembled the product did not work.  Its also way smaller than the box makes it look.<br /><br />I would not buy this, and from the other reviews I would stay away from their product line going forward."
Terrible quality
Wrong connector for Syma X8C.
"So, so cheaply made. Absolute crap and weirdly shaped, not fit for anyone's head!"
My son was disappointed. The pieces broken after digging out and unable to put together.
Color wore off fast!
Person who bought this product does not like to leave feedback.
"STINKS, cheap and not what the picture indicates until you get it in your hand. Gave it to the dog."
"It's bad enough that the picture shows four lights when you're only buying two. . But this order was delivered, and it only contained ONE light."
"Received 3 of Make a Face Crazy Creatures instead of one of Vehicles, Make a Face Crazy Creatures, and Habitats."
Extremely frustrating to finish a 1000 piece puzzle to find that it has only 999 pieces.  Both Ravensburger puzzles that I bought from Amazon each had a piece missing.
TOO EXPENSIVE!!! Wait until it gets cheaper!
Wearing this costume killed my god-son's mother and turned him into some sort of animal thing.
This is a fake. I don't even own it yet and you can tell.
"Horrible experience.  Ordered after watching cute video of cat playing.  First one didn't operate at all.  I returned it.  Second one also did not work at all.  No noise, no motion, nothing!  The second one I received had obviously been opened and had dirty smudges on it.  Do not buy this."
This is also a rip off not much in there.Listed too high . never used it.I looked inside only few things in there. Do not buy.
"I ordered two of these last month, and only one of them came in it's been a month and I still didn't get the second one"
"These came in a size much larger than I asked for, they fit my 3year old! Not my newborn. Also, the flowers are hot glued so they're irritating, socks need to be worn with them or the glue causes sore spots. In spots where the yarn changes color the loose threads are not woven in or tied off so the crochet work will come undone if you're not careful."
Is broke and no call me back. Wait for me refond
I bought this for my 3 year old thinking this should be better than play dough it's NOT I am very disappointed and dissatisfied with this product it says to work the moon dough with you hands to get it going but it just crumbles I would love to send this back I basically wasted 35.00 dollars. The barn will not make any animals it only turns 1 way which doesn't turn the wheel on the inside I think I have received a broken barn I opened this yesterday and I am going to see if I can send it back I also opened the dough it was not at all willing to stay together I have never purchased this product before and will not purchase this again.
"Terrible. We didn't have any problem attaching to the hose, filling or having them fall off.<br /><br />However, as soon as they fell off the water started leaking. We couldn't hand them out quick enough to 40 eager kids before the balloons were empty. It wasn't a defective bunch because I had 2 packages (each with 3 bunches) and none of them worked. They are sealed with tiny elastic and they weren't tight enough and the water squirted out of all of them. Big disappointment!"
Eye popped out of socket while still packaged.
"I don't own this puzzle but that's not the Golden Gate Bridge, that's the Bay Bridge that runs from San Francisco to Oakland!"
"Many of them leaked,  and did not do as I had wished  to help  train  my dogs<br />Good luck with yours."
"I was pretty deceived by the product images, I was clearly aware that a random assorted pack of stickers wasn't gonna come with any guarantees but I didn't expect to get a total of only 3 stickers that were genuinely decent and had clean edges, 3/100. Other than the Supreme brand stickers the maybe 30 or so other brand name stickers were things like MasterCard, Crocs, mcdonalds, Chanel, umbrella corp, silly no name/nonexistent automotive lubricant brands, and a single awful looking Adidas sticker. And the rest was all just poorly animated children's sticker book nonsense and the kind of stickers that a pediatrician would give his patients. So basically, unless you're a nurse or elementary school teacher, DON'T buy this. Oh yea and practically all the stickers I got in this pack had a thick 3-4mm width white border around the edge of each sticker, which made makes proper sticker bombing pretty much impossible. =["
"If I could give this a 0 I would. I honestly do not even know where to begin with the problems so lets make a list.<br />1. Barbie cannot actually ride on the horses back.  Do not make a riding barbie that's knees do not bend.<br />2. The horses sadle and barbies hat are so poorly made, they do not stay on.  The notches are not big enough to stay in the grooves.<br />3. The feature of the horse putting its head down it not easy to do.<br />4. The head/neck breaks way too easily which makes the whole play set useless."
did not work
It came bent.  Sent it back.
no good
"Again with the UPPER-BALL THIGHS, horrible posing - AWKWARD! Twist, twist - turn_POSE...TERRIBLE! Ya get the idea, without sculpted upper thighs that ARE ball jointed-it's just NO fun AND it ain't lookin too good either.<br /><br />Other issues; the wrists are NOT jointed AT ALL. There are no wings on the sides of his helmet mask, guns are NOT removable/stuck in holsters (I like CAP without guns anyways - look at them biceps, him already gots his own guns)."
Within minutes of using this toy both myself and my grandson had cuts on our hands from the sharp plastic parts of the slingshot.  Definitely not a toy I could recommend.
Came in broken :/
"you can not even use it as whistle, you literally have to blow you lungs out....It does not work"
Mainboard is malfunction. X5sw didn't fly. Don't buy this.
2 worked 2 did not work. Sorry I order them.
Seams for bat came apart and bat deflates after a few months of mild use. Holes were in multiple locations.
Ovverrrrrr priced!
By far the absolute worst purchase I've made with Amazon.  When a 3yr old becomes frustrated with the overall cheapness of the product you know it's bad.  Concept is good...design is awful
"They sucked! They barely inflated, and I did as suggested by others. I filled and dropped them into a cooler, filled with water then drained the water out of the cooler. Set the coolers at either end of the yard, had the kids pick teams and go to their coolers. They opened the lid and 95% of the balloons were already emptied out. Of the 222 balloons, we maybe got 15 in each cooler. NOT WORTH THE MONEY OR THE TIME. DON'T DO IT!!!!!!!"
One of the motors quit working on the 2nd flight. The previous generation (without HD camera) definitely had better durability. Not worth the upgrade at the expense of reliability
"HORRIBLE, I am returning it. The doll looks absolutely nothing like the photos. Both hands are on her hips. Her hair is curly and a mass of stickiness. It's not even like hair. Her face looks nothing like what is picture. I'm uploading photos to show because it is difficult to describe."
"This is not kid-friendly at all. The pieces have to be forced into place and still pop back out.<br />The booklet that accompanies the model to explain the different pieces and their role in the cell was useless. It was not written by someone who speaks English and comes across very garbled, I had to read through it several times to put it in usable dialogue with my son."
Not very sensitive to indoor light. Sorry product!
It came broken.... no sounds when she eats!
"This item was dirty, on the INSIDE of the fridge which was supposed to be sealed, okay, I cleaned it...but I noticed it smelled really bad...like burned plastic.. It is also made of HARMFUL plastic #6. this is the first time I have encountered a children's toy that is made of a such a plastic. Don't think I can return it because I opened it. VERY DISAPPOINTED."
My wife picked this up for the grandkids. What a disappointment! The picture on the box makes it look like the water shoots out about five feet. The reality is that it only shoots out about 18 inches. Don't waste your money. We got it for $10. Half price. Still not worth it.
"Got this for my iPad mini 3.  It is loose, doesn't keep it's shape well so I returned it."
I ordered 4 packages of 12 shopkins and they were counterfeits. The packaging looked taped together and roughed up. Some of the displayed shopkins were not the correct colors and the green minnie mintie was not crystal glitz and the baby product was not fluffy.
"just want to let everybody know, these are fakes! there heads are removeable and they do not have the lps print on the figures."
These don't come with attachments to actually make them bracelets. They're just sticks. Really annoyed.
This game is very sexist!!! Very hard for women to win.
Broke very quickly
"There are official sizes of footballs and this one is smaller than pee wee size.  I got a glow city football for a present a while back which matches with a real youth size football so i ordered this one for a 12 year old thinking that it was the one I had, but there's no way I can give it to him.  I wish they would have used real sizes to describe this. This is a good size for a 6 or 7 year old."
"I bought 2 pairs of motors, 2 CW and 2 CCW motors. 1 CW and 1CCW motors are good, the other CW motor is is completely dead and does not do anything, the other CCW motor oscillates CW then CCW  randomly and sporadicly. I have not written any other reviews yet so this is the first for any product I purchased on amazon. Quadcopter and motors have not been flow yet, so the defective motors can not be blamed on a crash or overheating. A good known esc has been used to test the motors so that can not be blamed either. I was really excited about using all of the motors. Now I will look for another source and get another pair."
Bought this for my 13 year old daughter to hang out with her friends.  The very first time they used it one of the neck rests pulled away from the base and the entire thing deflated.  There was a big tear where the head rest was supposed to stay attached to the base.  Non-repairable.  Bought this because other reviews said it was better quality than expected.  What a bummer and loss of money.
Why does it come with only one pillow？
Lasted 2 days. Even with fresh batteries she no longer is able to get a sufficient charge to be able to fly. She just spins slowly.
My grandson loved this truck. It would have been worth the price if not so cheaply made. It broke after about 30 minutes of play. Would not trust a  replacement since the cheap material was the problem. It was not roughly handled. The wheel that made it go just broke off.
The main compartment doesn't hold the water. It empties into the space I between have to fill it up every 10 mins. I'm just throwing this one OUT!!
Garbage. Overpriced Garbage.
I was so excited to see this bus on sale as my son loves bus toys and I ordered it without a second thought but when I opened the box it was broken at two places at the bottom and on top of that the quality is soooo bad it's made of very cheap plastic<br />I am returning it
Way smaller than I expected.  Sizes given are for the packaging
"Absolute J U N K !!  Do not buy!  All static all the time, and voice cannot be heard past about 20 feet at all!"
"Dangerous toy. My grandkids fell several times, almost knocked teeth out. Taking them away and tossing.."
"I received the cups, no dice."
Terrible quality. We have tried many times to apply these and very small success rate which is very disappointing for our little kids.
"This slide has very poor construction quality. My wife bought this slide at Marshall's, not Amazon. However, I still want to provide some feedback on this product as it may be helpful to others. Various kids, age 6-12, enjoyed this slide in our pool for two weeks. I placed the slide on the side of the pool as instructed. I even placed towels underneath the slide to prevent the concrete from wearing any holes in the slide. The kids were always supervised and never any over-the-top rough house activity which would have caused damage to the slide. All of the preventative actions I took could not have prevented what happened to this slide (see photo). The material separated at the seam, leaving it virtually impossible to repair with a patch, although we tried. I just spent 30 minutes with the duct tape to see if I can salvage this thing, but I think the slide will be in the trash. I would not recommend buying this product unless you have $ to burn.  This should be marketed as a disposable slide."
There was only ONE pen in the box instead of 12! :(
Was very shoddy sewing on the items I recieved. Outside stitching was crooked and there were threads hanging off several items that I had to cut so the item didnt come apart. Will not but from this seller again.
"Box came half open, with tape all over! The vacuum has scratches all over, looked like it was a returned item."
Junk! Has  a trigger but does not even work!
They are made for children . We could not use them for adults at our Beatle party
Not as described. It's about 8 inches not 11 and it more beanbag than plush doll.
Terrible! Poor quality graphics on shirt and looked as if it was washed
This add-on complicates things and slows the game down and adds very little
"Terrible, unrecognizeable, subjects and that's really bad since I lived through these decades."
Ordered these for our son's birthday. They don't work very well and aren't sanded very well. will be returning these.
SO disappointing...these are complete knock offs and not the real Shopkins. The paint job is terrible and they are fake. Not squishy like real shopkins...hoping I can get a refund! I have a disappointed birthday girl.
a bit flimsy -after a couple weeks the cars track lacked the power to get the cars consistently around the track and it was not the batteries.
"I ordered this expecting the kit it's suppose to be, but instead received 600 of the same 4.7k resistor."
These batteries are crap.  They do not hold a charge and the connectors do NOT fit properly in the charger or the quadcopter plug in.
Junk - it jams and is junk. Returning it today.
"My daughter loved this when she first got it, although it didn't last long. It stopped working all together, so we bought a second one. The second one lasted for a short time and then also stopped working. Obviously, we decided not to buy another one."
"I purchased this as a gift for my grandson who lives with me.Of course hes too young to purchase his own stuff. Anyway, he kept seeing the commercial and loved loved loved it as much as a four year old can love things. Well, I went on Amazon, read the reviews,which by the way, were pretty awful. I purchased it anyway because I didn't want to break his little heart. Don't do what I did. The other reviews are correct. The item is pretty well made although it is plastic. It did hold up well. It is impossible to control the motions of this toy without a college degree. The four year old found it scary and only played with it approximately 10 times. The adults found it annoyingly loud and also couldn't control it using their college degrees. This item is expensive for a toy that barely got used and is collecting dust under a bed."
"filled them up in water, then watched them shrink to nothing before the party started.  ended up having to fill up other balloons by hand."
"Counterfeit product.<br /><br />Confirmed counterfeit at local retailer, and independently by two electrical engineers.<br /><br />Do not buy. The time and headache of trying to get this work is just not worth it."
Bracelets were very cheaply made. The plastic was so thin that the bracelets wouldn't lay flat on wrist so you could read message. I returned the item and was charged for shipping so received a .19 cent refund. Don't buy!
GARBAGE GARBAGE GARBAGE!  OUT OF THE 137 BALLOONS WE HAD 3 THAT WERE THE SIZE OF PING PONG BALLS!  DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY!
"Very disappointed and will be returning the kite.  It looks awesome, but it just doesn't fly right.  Something is way off balance and it suddenly pulls left and nose dives into the ground every time.  We have lots of those cheapo plastic kits and they don't do this.  We gave the kite another chance yesterday in some decent wind and the same thing happens, even when the kite is way up high (good wind).  All of our other kits did fine in the same conditions.  The grommit (that you attach it to) even fell apart.  I'm not sure if this is a design flaw or whether we just got a dud, but it's going back this week."
"Dangerous toy. My grandkids fell several times, almost knocked teeth out. Taking them away and tossing.."
"I was so excited to receive my decopac light up Spiderman.  I read the reviews and they were good. My great nephew was celebrating his 8th birthday. I opened the decopac , it had batteries in it already. I turned it on it didn't work.  I bought new batteries, turned it on still didn't work.  Very Disappointed!"
"All reviews were paid for except one, meaning only one reviewer actually paid money for these.  I believe the one actual purchaser but this is to hopefully make some people that look for the one stars to think twice about all the 5 star reviews.  I will remove review when more post reviews that are not because they were given free."
Looks cool
"Terrible range, terrible accuracy, terrible water copacity and doesn't get anyone wet"
"Pros: Aesthetically the colors are very nice,  and accurate to the description,  as well as it is adorable looking.  Cons: Execution/Quality of the product is very BAD QUALITY.  I had such high hopes for this &#34;Happy Trails Giraffe&#34; but sadly mine came damaged with defective stitching down the back of the Giraffe,  and a HOLE as well in the back.  I don't know if I got someone else's Giraffe that they returned, or if this is how the Manufacturer intentionally sells it, but overall, it is very bad to sell this product in this condition.  It also is confusing to me why they would put the seam down the back in the area where the child would sit (constant pressure on the seam = rips tears holes, etc) with such poor quality threading?  It looked like a novice sewed up the back by hand, very sloppily,  and I truly wouldn't feel safe to have my child sit on it with a hole in it.  The box it came in was also in bad shape as it looked like it was stepped on, crunched, ripped, dropped, etc. ...so not sure why Amazon even sent this to me to begin with? I would say it is priced high for this poor quality...it should really be a $35 item with this poor quality.  Unfortunately, for me, it has to go back as it is defective/damaged.  I haven't decided if I will reorder and give it another try as I really love the look of this... but I certainly don't need the hassle of getting another defective/damaged product."
"I hate this crayons, since the product we have got is broken down in to pieces . Also the quality of the crayons was too low . I saw the same product for 50 cents in Walmart.<br /><br />Worst quality and too high in Amazon"
I would rate this no stars if it were possible. My daughter received this as a gift and ended up with a ton of balls stuck on the top of her head. Each ball has a lot of little hooks that easily get tangled in hair. Took an hour to remove them all.  I will be sending a note to the consumer product safety commission. A child's toy should never cause this type incident.  Clearly not for kids. For the safety of your child do not buy.
Spent way to much money on somthing that didnt last 2 months peice of crap! and on top of that now amazon says I can return it!
Terrible product. It turned my P2V into a hazardous flying machine. No Control what so ever. I had to crash land to get it down because it was darting left and right. It will not hold elevation. Put on the factory Blades and back to normal operation.
We received this game for Christmas because it was all my daughter asked for from her grandparents.  What a dissapointment she received when it didn't work.  The games was horrible.  It doesn't even deserve 1 star.  It wouldn't say together no matter what size we made the balloons.  She didn't even get to play the game once it wouldn't stay together.  We returned it to the store for another one and it was the same way.  So we got the money back and she bought a different game.
Buyer beware!!! Took forever. Came smashed!! And totally stuck in a crushed position. Logo is weirdly tiny. Zero stars! Negative stars! Pissed.
Shark didn't do what was expected to do as described on advertisement.
"We received this as a gift and it was missing the side supports, making it too flimsy for the kids to play with."
"We bought this at Toys R Us in New York, looked great. got it home and charged it up, on the first flight one of engines melted.  We emailed the company and never heard back.  Definitely disappointed."
Very hard to craft with!
expensive for what you get
"Claw does not work effectively.  It is defective,"
Had I done more research I would not have ordered this item.  It is made for kids and nothing is displayed on the screen.  What kid wants to look on the computer for their steps??  They want to see the info displayed on their wrist
"I would give it a zero star, but unfortunately that option is not available. You can only listen to the 3 pre loaded songs that I have not heard anywhere before. The paperjamzpro.com website does not exist. I managed to download the software for downloading songs to the paperjamz pro mic but it does not work. A big ZERO to this looser product.....my son and daughter say that this paperjamz product does not jam at all :(  PLEASE DO NOT BUY AND WASTE TIME AND MONEY"
Was broken when i got it
"Great concept, but over priced. Cheap materials. If you do decide to purchase this unit do it through Amazon. I purchased this directly through Privacy Pop. They would not cover my $42.00 in shipping charges for the return plus charged me another $20.00 restocking fee. I would not recommend this product if you're a sleep walker."
"I bleached my hair then after I rinsed it and let it dry I put in this hair dye. I left it in for an hour, rinsed it let it dry and my hair was brown, I had bleached it blonde. I redyed it and left it in for two hours and my hair was a darker brown. When I rinsed it it rinsed pink instead of purple. The dye itself was a dark purple but it made my hair brown, in the picture only one side of hair is purple, it's my roots. The blonde picture was on my other device so yah. I want my money back, it only ruined my hair."
When it comes to Star wars funko pop the blue box is the original release. That makes these more valuable. I purposely spent more money on this item because the picture shows the blue box. What I received was a black box &#34;vault&#34; release which is not worth the money I spent. I will be returning this item and be careful if you order this.
It falling a part to easily. I have to spend some time in order to repair my item.
"These jumping beans did absolutely nothing! They were only a few bucks, but I went through the trouble of sending them back anyway! Do not waiste your money. My little boy was dissapointed."
These are NOT able to put out he juice that the XC5 needs without damaging the battery.<br />These swell and become very hot every time I use them.
one of the gloves won't run on! Really disappointed!
"Junk Battery, The battery came in today, I was hesitant to even buy it with all of the reports of bad cells but I tried it anyway because of the price..... Bad Idea!<br /><br />The first attempt at a charge has cell number 1 not able to take a charge over 4.00 volts, cell number 2 will not go over 4.14 volts while cell number 3 was fine at 4.20 volts. This batteries quality makes it a charging fire or crash and fire waiting to happen. Not safe.<br /><br />UPDATE: I went ahead and took a replacement battery to give it a try. I still had cell problems. Cell #1 was 4.20 volts and cells #2 and #3 were topping off at 4.14 volts. I decided to try something. I dropped the amps down to 0.2 and ran it again and after 2 hours gained both weak cells to 4.16, another 2 hours and I had pushed them all to 4.20 volts. After one flight they were equally discharged and all cells charged like they were supposed to at 4.20 volts. If you have weak cells try this to bring life to them. this can be done with old batteries with weak cells as well with a pretty fair success rate.<br /><br />Update on Battery #2 - I am done with these, they are dangerous.<br /><br />I just got to run it out in a field and not just in the back yard so I put a bit of stress on it.... I was just coming in to land at about 11.0 volts (ish) and it dropped to about 7 +/- volts. Apparently the battery shorts and looses a cell, had I not been on the ground rather than the 400 foot up I was just about a minute before this I would have lost my Hex-rotor. The voltage loss registered via on board telemetry and a battery warning device I added. These things are simply not safe for aerial flight."
Not a really good purchase for me coz it's not what i expected the game to be.<br /><br />My kids didnt get hooked to this game like i hoped they would. Should have purchased the original version instead.  I thought they were regular buzzers to add some fun factor to the Pictionary game. But the buzzers have their own world.<br /><br />It's already in my list to put on garage sale.
I received the blue gardening set twice after ordering it and complaining and returning it. I think the product numbers must be mixed up.
Did not glow.  Waste of your money.  Very disappointed.
I didn't use because when I unpacked it I realized it was not fabric on the back but a mesh.  We were going to use it in our farm pond and it looked liked a lot of rocks and sand coold get into it through the back and make a mess in our pole barn.  It was really heavy and hard to move around when it was dry. I can't imagine what it would be like trying to remove it from the sandy beach with all that water and sand draining out of it.  I doubt our children could handle it.
terrible scooter!
don't buy again， cheap， cheap<br />i return it， no good produce。
The wires in the gloves broke after jyst 1 week
Incorrectly labeled as Fatshark brand but as the picture clearly shows it is not. False advertising is illegal.
I got this for my Granddaughter for a Christmas present. I don't know her reaction yet.
"I love the concept of this play may/toy box, it's cute and a nice medium size. But it is so very poorly made! Within a month the outside green part has peeled off and it's now spotted white, all we do is move it back and forth between rooms in our house and open it up. So disappointed.  I would've paid more money for a durable item, but I'm going to be looking for a new bin for my son's cars. Will be throwing this out once I find a replacement."
"After my sister ttook a store of my job place(McDonald's) she wanted to work there too, so I got this for her. She threw a fit because it doesn't look like the real thing!"
Thought it was stuffed animal niece very very disappointed
What a disappointment. Didn't even get to the pool. Tried them on in the tub and one split apart at the seam. So got about five minutes of use.
Do not buy. You won't get it. It's a rip off. DONT BUY
Very cheap. Have a horrible chemical smell. Thanks for making my son so disappointed that he never even got to wear them.
Great price and quick delivery.
One of the two didn't work. :(
I am only giving 1 star because the product was delivered on time. I would give zero otherwise. Advertisement didn't state they had to be filled and used within 10 minutes. Even after filling them they didn't hold water for 10 minutes and didn't get any bigger than a golf ball. Total disappointment for my son's summer birthday party!
"i called the store asking if these was a pack of 6 pups in one box where all the dogs are displayed and the box says &#34;paw patrol pup buddies&#34;. They said yes, I purchased. This is a regular carton box with 6 individual figures. Not what I asked for."
"Piece of junk, doesn't work correctly, batteries included already 99% dead.  Don't waste your money."
Too small that's nor work for little kids
"Cards shipped were fake, there were only 3 real cards. Good way to fool your kids. As you can see the backs a diffrent colors the orange lettered ones are real......beware."
"At first my son was excited about this. When we opened it we were disappointed. I thought it was a digger set, but it's just the teeth. When I had typed in excavation sets, this came up. Disappointed. It's kinda cool, but not worth $30 at all"
"Armin does not stand on his own. What is the point of buying a figure if it can't be displayed without falling over? The quality is very low and the paint job is shoddy. There are random globs of paint on mine. The seams are very visible and the sculpting is pretty terrible as well. I've looked online to see who the original manufacturer was, but I can't find anything other then Ebay and Amazon listings, which leads me to believe that it is a bootleg. I've looked on other figure websites to see if I could find it, but nothing could be found. Definitely not worth the purchase."
"Will not change colors, has not worked from the day my daughter pulled it out of the package, don't waste your money."
"Crap stiching came loose near zipper. buy american made or american owned. Let the asians make eggrolls and the electronics, sometimes that's crap too."
This bank is really cute but the globe broke the first day we had it. It is made out of this really thin plastic type stuff. I don't know if this was a fluke or if it is really cheaply made. I would not buy this. The gumball store sold us the item through amazon and they refused to replace it.This is a rip off.
"These Traxxas 2060 servos are terrible!!! In fact, all Traxxas servos are bad. This 2060 servo's gears are so easy to strip.  I have one in my Revo 2.5r. Once it stripped, I just left it and stopped using the reverse gear in it because it's not even worth it to be replaced. I'm so incredibly disappointed with this servo. However, if you do want to purchase this servo, be sure to buy at least 10 if you plan on using your model for more than a few weeks. If you don't feel like spending tons of money on these terrible servos, then do yourself a favor and go get a metal geared micro servo. I found one for only $8!"
"just junk, wheel fall off in first week, won't stay on."
Am I supposed to puncture the hole to get air thru?
"Very unhappy, provides no protection. Our granddaughter 3yrs old in dec. 27lbs has to be held with both hands in a pool ( with suit on ) or would easily slip underwater. Not good. I should have checked if your suit is Coast Guard rated"
"This is incorrect,y advertised!!!! It is only one piece.. Not worth the amount paid.... Saved $170???? What?"
The set that I ordered had too wide of slits for the pieces to stay together. I don't know if my set was defective or what. I had to return it and was very disappointed.
"Don't waste the 5 bucks.  These dresses are the worst!  They are made out of some weird paper product, not even fabric"
They don't stick well.
feels cheap. i returned it.
Returning item.  It came without cord and CD player does not work. Very disappointed.
Terrible quality and they are charging the price of the item to return it! Don't waste your money.
"Seriously. I bought one pair for each of my daughters. I should have bought an extra set for spare parts because one of them had a hole in it before we even used it and the other was tearing in half. By the end of our trip, they were useless. Either spend the extra for a decent pair or buy an extra set just in case... because whatever &#34;just in case&#34; might entail is very likely to actually happen. JUNK."
Was so looking forward to using this-however it did not work. My son was disappointed-as was I-[insert sour face].
"Dead on arrival. Packaging was the complete opposite of frustration-free. You'll need a tiny phillips head screwdriver to simply get it out of the box! Once I finally found a screwdriver small enough to disconnect the plastic mess from the shoddy cardboard, each of the battery compartments were also sealed by these tiny screws.<br /><br />Then I placed 5 brand new AA batteries in this piece of junk and it doesn't even turn on. There are lots of fake controls on the remote so I had to look at the instructions just to make sure I didn't miss anything. Nope. It's just a piece of junk. Look elsewhere.<br /><br />If you didn't listen to this review and have yours coming for your kid's birthday, please at least open it in advance to make sure it works (you'll need at least 10 minutes for something that should take 30 seconds)."
"The bubble stick is really difficult to get out of the container... Got these for my kids' birthday party & none of the kids could actually use their bubbles. Instead of being the typical bubble wand design - with a loop on either end - there is only a loop on one end & the other end is solid plastic - & the solid plastic end is up in the container. Without the loop, you can't grip it with one finger, & the opening is too small to get two fingers into (even for small kids)... so the bubble wand is essentially stuck in there... Silly design! Ha!"
"If I could give this a &#34;zero&#34; star, I would. We bought 2 of these at Target, the first one didn't work. My husband made a special trip to get new batteries, it still didnt' work. I exchanged it for another one, with new batteries installed and this one also did not work. Now have to return this one too. Do not waste your time or money. Huge disappointment."
"While this product may look adorable and the concept is cute, the product itself is crap.  My 5 month old received this for Christmas and 2 months later it no longer worked.  Obviously there was no rough play .. she was 5 months old.  When the product did work it did not work very well.  The idea of the crawling Minnie appealed to us to help our little one learn to crawl.  If I said the doll crawled an inch I would be generous.  The hands and knees do not line up well with the floor so it doesn't grasp it to move most of the time. Also after the button is pressed the movement only happens for maybe 10-15 seconds.  That's not long enough for the doll to move very far even if the hands and knees did line up.  While the idea is creative and adorable the product has too many design flaws and is way over priced."
Not worth the price. It was small and doesn't do anything special :(
My kid heat it<br />It's sooooooooo bad
$9.99 for one minion? This was a big rip off. I evidently read the description wrong. I thought I was getting all 12. Totally disappointed.  Will never buy those again.
"This is quite obviously a fake card. The coloring is off, the effect is wrong, and the set its supposably from isn't real."
"This is NOT for beginners! And as the old saying goes &#34;You get what you pay for..&#34; - There is a lot of marketing hype around these &#34;Juice&#34; products something I bought into and regret.<br /><br />Granted I am a beginner RC pilot but this plane exploded on impact! I repaired it after I spend 2 hours looking for all the parts that came off the plane when it hit the ground, I tried to straighten everything, attempted another flight only for the prop/motor gear to disengage after another crash, I had to split the plane in half to repair the gear only to loose the flap linkage on the next flight. (After another crash!) The plane is now officially GROUNDED! (Un-flyable.)<br /><br />My advice for BEGINNERS is to spend the extra dough and get a plane that has SAFE technology and a panic-button that automatically rights the plane when (not if) you loose control of it.<br /><br />My recommendation is: Sport Cub S RTF with SAFE® Technology (HBZ4400)"
"The description for this product is misleading. It says &#34;4 Pack Crayon Boxes: package of 12&#34;, but i only received one box, consisting of 4 pieces of crayon, not 48 pieces."
"I don't understand what these are used for.  They are a pump spray, so it doesn't come very well, and comes our puffy.  You can't make a picture or design with them, and the foam disappears within a few minutes.  And there are plenty of warnings on the bottle to practically not let it touch anything.  I was expecting a spray foam that puffed up and made designs on my outside driveway, and this is far from what I expected."
These tattoos do not glow in the dark at all!  They are a cute design but purchased them particularly for a glow party.  Tested each design to see what they looked like and was very disappointed to learn that none of them glowed.  I will be sending my three packages back and ordering a different brand that hopefully works better than these do.
These are very ugly designs. I would have returned them but they are not eligible. Look closely at the detail photo before ordering.
Mini Digital 220V 10A STC-1000 Microcomputer Temperature Controller With Sensor<br />I received nothing to review
Very cheaply made
BEYOND DISSAPOINTED! PERIOD. WISHED FOR THE BEST...........GOT GARBAGE . PERIOD!!!!!!!
It was awful and it was really really bad but I guess you get what you pay for.
"Worked 2 times and quit.  My grandson was so heart-broken, but now that I read reviews, that is the norm.  Amazon was very helpful in sending a replacement of another remote controlled helicopter within 2 days, and so far it is fine.  Good customer service"
"This is awful.  I did purchase it elsewhere but had to write a review here to warn parents.  We noticed a toxic smell as soon as we opened the package of sand.  Also, it didn't have the same kinetic effect as Brookstone's kinetic sand, which we loved and thought this was the same when buying it as a gift.  The smell was so strong that we had to take it away from the kids.  Very disappointing, but more importantly, probably not healthy."
was not what was wrote to me in an email
Ordered this for the little one only to receive it with a hole in the back of the giraffe. The little one refused to let it go so we didn't end up returning it.  But overall the quality of construction seems to be a bit lacking.
"It's El General, not the The General... white tires and gold wheels, WTF?  The Duke boys dun crossed the border!  This is a VERY Chinesey replica, not worth it.  Hold out for Auto World's AMM964.  ACT NOW, as this is the last opportunity to get one with the flag on top.  To this piece of junk's credit, it does have the flag on top.  It's just such a poor quality piece, I'm returning it.  The wheels are very flimsy and feel like they'll fall off before too long, one of the wipers is bent, crooked exhaust tip, there is no back seat, no CB antenna, and no CNH 320 rear license plate, ether.  Overall, it just looks and feels cheap, not at all worth the $200 price tag."
Lid never stays on. Very poor quality.
The box was alright but my card sleeves didn't come in so until I get them 1 star
Does this fit and is it good for stamped 2 wheel drive
"This battery charger successfully performed 3 charging cycles of a 20.5 Ah, 3S li-poly battery bank at a rate of 2A trickle charge, and failed during the 4th cycle.<br /><br />The first time I plugged this unit into my surge protector, there was noticeable arc, but not a large enough fault current to trip the surge protector (first red flag).  Even slow charges heat this charger up;  it gets VERY hot charging at a constant 2 amps.  I wonder how hot it gets at 6 Amps, as the rating suggests.  The charger is obviously is combination of a cheaply manufactured AC/DC supply and a cheaply made charging circuit.<br /><br />My recommendation is that I would steer away from this charger.  I wish I did.  If I could rate 0 stars, I would."
"It switches between left and right beys, however for some reason using the right side gets the ripper stuck and makes it unusable..  so my son can only use it for the left beys.. since he only has one, its basically useless"
"this is bull s*** \, you can buy the pecies seperated for at least 1-3 dollars each"
These are junk. I usually swear by venom and gpm and atomik but these are not the case. After 4 weekends of running I broke the stock turnbuckle so I turned to venom for reliable replacement parts. These didn't last threw 2 batteries at my local indoor carpet track. Broke right where the locknut locks into rod end. Going to look into st racing with rpm ends next.
"Not what I was expecting, I thought the screen was animated."
Broke the first day we used it. A tear and that's all it took for the kids not to use it
Not made in USA<br />Different  picture
This is a rip off and no one should buy it.  it does not let your child go on and says it is an account for adults only.  and i think this company should stop selling this product and take down there advertisments anyone that buys this should tell the  person who invented this that it was a bad idea.  So what I have said proved you should not buy this product. Also you do not receive the message on the toy you have to send it do the toy and listen to it.  The last thing is if the mobile device is not within 30 feet you can't get a message. This thing stinks.
"Just like so many other toys being made these days, this had great potential and then it arrived and was super cheap. So flimsy and disappointing."
"Very disappointed in the slide.  The plastic is thin and cheap, looks as if could break at any time.  Extremely frustrating to put together, none of the holes lined up.  Extra holes and bolts had to be added to the mounting plate to secure it to the platform for safety.  On top of all that, there weren't even enough bolts to finish assembling the slide!!  We had to go purchase bolts to finish the slide before we could even attach it to the platform.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone."
Complete and un-reconcilable overcharge for this component. This price is aprox. the normal market cost of the Naza M Lite flight controller and PMU/LED combined. Don't pay this price ($92 currently).
Was too difficult for a 10 year old to inflate by himself AND It popped a hole before it even finished inflating.  Save your money.
Picture makes it look like a pack of 6 you only get one.
"I bought these for a 112 year old and was disapointed that they were too small for her, but I then gave them to a 5 year old who loved them.  But, in less than 2 months the wire broke and they are now worthless."
not mlg enuf 0/8 m8 couldnt lern my kids receipe
"We bought this and the first time we used it, it worked OK, deflated a little. By the second time, it wouldn't hold air and my husband kept having to fill it. Cannot see a leak or where it is defective. Sending it back."
This was easy to assemble everything was checked out and working. I took it up for its first flight and lost all steering and throttle stayed wide open. I saw 170 bucks fly away from me because of defective equipment. I have been flying for years and have never in the last few had an issue with any plane or jet. Very disappointed and waiting on sellers response
received a damaged piece.awaiting replacement.
Head came off one week after purchase.
"Its very cute ,but it popped first time an adult got on it .very disappointed sending it back ."
Hesitate to even give it one star.  Bought a pack of 25 - ALL scrappers!  These are definitely not &#34;official&#34; trading pins.
"This popped the first time my daughters played with it, in the house with no sharp objects around. One side of the ball was super thin. You can send the valve back to them for replacement with an additional charge. Not worth it in my book. My daughter really wanted this for her birthday and it put her in tears."
Ordered before they changed the item piciture. Not the product that was described prior to the update/change. Original post stated that it came with a belt as well
Bought this pool for mu daughter kiddie party. It was ripped within the first hour. Very poor quality and not worth buying
The tube inside the tail disconnected after 5 minutes of a water flowing through causing the tail to fill up with water and no longer spray. Very disappointing for the three year old who patiently waited for it to air up. i have requested a replacement but have difficulty with the idea of having to deflate and repack a wet whale full of water.
"I loved the idea of this float. However,  the top of the float was defective!  It had a huge rip in the seam so I had to tape the float to keep my baby out of the sun. Also the top part was made incorrectly and I wasn't able to fill up the whole thing due to it being sealed shut in the wrong place. Very disappointed. Should have brought a back up float."
Do no buy this. All you get is the toy in a plastic bag. No box no directions. Way overpriced.
constantly leak out of the top..waste of money.no bleeder screw or hole on cap
"I so loved Alistair's character in EAH because he's the son of my favorite fairytale character Alice.<br /><br />Too bad the production doll cut so much details that really deviated the doll from the webisode design so much.<br /><br />Pros:<br />*New facemold<br /><br />Cons:<br />*sacrificed so much design details<br />*faux layered inner & blazer isn't so smart because it makes fashion coordination play limited.<br />*doesnt have minor details. even the golden compass on the jug doesnt have paint!<br /><br />So there you have it, more cons than pros. I think hes the most disappointing doll to date."
"Terrible...do not buy. Not ONE single balloon properly filled or inflated. We didn't get ONE usable balloon from this bunch (and we've used these types of balloons before and they were great, so this was a huge disappointment). What a waste of resources to produce these, ship these, store these, and then just throw them away. Fail."
"Had to return, they shipped a totally different slip dress made of coarse material, did not match the picture at all in length or style."
Poor product bought two and both have poor pressure and poor streams. When you pump stream starts before you even pull the trigger. Don't buy poorly made Chinese toy.
junk
junk
"Used this once and worked great.  However, as previous reviewer noted, after first use I left in on the charges and it burst open like a balloon.  Three packets inside all expanded and broke the shell open.  Do not recommend for use with an OEM charger."
"Looked pretty cool, but got a flimsy piece that doesn't work at all. Very disappointed."
Nice beyblade but it came without a Launcher & a ripper!
Be careful with these inexpensive figures because there is no official sticker on the box and if the joints are are flesh tone where the gloves are white then they are a Chinese counterfeit. .. These are ok if you want to customize a figure but to own as a figure straight out just fork out the money for the legitimate Tamashi Nation's Shfiguarts. ..
I would return if it was possible but it's past the return policy and I just used for my son's first birthday.  The game itself is so tiny it's smaller than a placemat. Could not use it at all.
"Worked for a bit.  Excessive fluid is suppose to be returned to reservoir automatically, but leaked in the unit itself and eventually cause it to fail."
I read the past review too late... NOT FOR CHEERSON CX10 !!!
"Poorly design made toy from china.<br />Not recommended for children since it has very sharp edges and the magnets are NOT strong enough to hold together.<br />Cheap, cheap Garbage, don't waste you money, if you are looking for a GOOD Magnetic game piece expend a little bit more and buy the real thing for your kids Magformers Magnetic."
the upper and lower parts of the latch are mismatched the set came with early style upper parts and late style lowers
"I bought this float boat and am very disappointed! the part where the kids legs go in so horrible! The crouch part is so tiny and thin, my 1 year old kept saying it hurt her butt checks because it is so small it went right up her butt. its also very thin and after one use looks like it could break next time she sits in it!"
1 wouldn't light up. The other barely lit and was dead in 10 minutes. I will never buy a product from this manufacturer again!
I received this game with only half the cards included in the box
Cute ? Yes. But not cute enough for the price...Buy your child a Happy Meal instead of wasting your $ on this junk. Your child will be happier.
Everything came busted. The beads were probably too hot because of excessive weather temperatures.
"this item came with no instructions nor the stand that is suppose to be with it.....does not show in the picture but, is clearly stated on boxes"
"The arm holes are to big, it will not adjust any smaller.when it gets wet it gets even looser."
Why?? Why?!😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
"Seemed to be working great, but as soon as I changed the first tip after only a few minutes, the thread on the tip broke in half in the tool as I was unscrewing it to change tips. I am unable to get that piece out or screw any other tips in now. &#34;Unable to return&#34; product. Very displeased. Would not recommend this version."
it's a defective products，can't be used.
Not the same size as the yellow balls that come with slingshot
"1.On 2x2x2 on the cube puzzle it has orange on both sides, instead of red on one side and orange on the other side. 2.Too sharp edges. 3.3x3x3 pieces very loose and falling off. 4.Poor quality. Only 4x4x4 and 5x5x5 are ok."
This thing broke in to 3 pieces
"As a silly string shooter, it's decent, as long as you want a $30 silly string shooter with $7 refills.<br />As a squirt gun, it's easily outclassed by any Super Soaker pistol you can find.<br />As a dart blaster, it is downright horrible--Nerf marries its less-than-perfect HAMP (last seen in the rocket launcher of the Demolisher and its standalone launcher the Thunderblast) with its less-than-efficient &#34;Smart Air Restrictor&#34; tech to produce an unreliable nightmare that never shoots consistently and gets the poorest ranges of any dart blaster out there.<br /><br />In short:  Stay away.  If you really like the silly string Biosquad gimmick, consider the Zombie Strike Biosquad Eraser instead."
"I know this is a kids toy, but it's crap. I got it to remove afids and beetles from plants in the garden. Wouldn't pick up an afid from a solid group of them (about 100 in an area the size of a dime). Wouldn't pull a Japanese beetle off a leaf either. Completely worthless. Returning it."
did not realize how tiny the figures were
Junk no Good keep your money  look for something  better I know I will.
We ordered this but got regular hex bugs...the ones we received dont work in the tunnels. A very disappointed 7 yr old l....
"New version sucks, didn't hold air at all sank 30 minutes into a 6 hour float. Previous version lasted four years, my friends did the same thing and he bought his from big 5 so it's just a bad product. Do not buy, it's a Waste of $40"
Product never worked complete waste of money.
Used it 5 or 6 times for my 6 month old and the fabric shredded basically. So very upset since this wasn't exactly cheap
"I was extremely disappointed with this item. My child is very active and I thought he would really enjoy playing with this playhut. I was waiting all day for the package and when it finally came, my husband set it up and my son crawled right through it. There was something shiny on the side that caught my eye so I looked closer and there was a large piece of metal exposed (usually covered by seam). The quality of this item is horrible and completely unsafe for children. Returning same day I received it."
These balloons were absolutely terrible.  They are supposed to be hearts but if you blow them up large enough to look like a heart they pop in your face.  We filled them up with helium and they lost the helium within hours.  And lastly the pink ones straight up look like boobs with nipples.  It's all could see. And I'm a girl. Not what I was hoping for for my daughter's first birthday.
I made this purchase based on how it read in the product information. That is very misleadimg. It says for arsenal wave deck (2 pack). That says there will be both decks. Instead its for wave 2 deck.<br />VERY MISLEADING. I WILL NOT PURCHASE FROM THEM AGAIN.
i have had this for only a 2mths and it stopped working out of nowhere. opened it up and the soldered fuse is blown so i soldered a new fuse (T3.15A 250v)  in and it continues to blow a fuse. i am outside of the exchange policy so im just screwed. what a waste of money and now my LiPo's are depleting and if i dont get them charged soon they will drop below 3.2 and be toast as well. that ks for nothing and wasting my money and time!
"The toys arrived in a ripped open mailing envelope from China. They are extremely poor quality and toxic, reeking like spray paint and gasoline, and they are made of something akin styrofoam. This is absolutely a rip off, Melissa and Doug toys are completely different, usually made of wood and high quality. I want my money back, there is no way I am letting my baby put this crap in her mouth."
This is not a pet bed it is  doll house furniture.
This one doesn't deserve the four stars it currently has. The tail is tweaked straight out of the box so the light path is totally inconsistent and hard to product. Just picture it flying a little tilted at all times. Makes gain speed on one turn and lose speed on the other. Super annoying. One stars because it flys and the remote is cool.
Description was (12 pack) so I assumed the quantity would be Twelve!  There was only ONE in the Package!
It's just a coloring book. Not worth the $10!  Saw the same book in a Frozen version for $5.99 at our local grocery store. Very disappointed.
The product is too light blue colour. Not a good buy as i expected much more from stabillo. Dont buy this one..
Poor.  Tail detaches too easily due to the arm/jaw mechanism requiring so much leverage to operate and where the tail attaches  to the hind end is the most natural place to grab.  Hard enough to balance this toy to make it stand up as it is but with the tail snapping off constantly my little guy doesn't enjoy his new toy.
These are junk. They arrived missing characters and parts. My kids were so sad. Worst experience on Amazon to date.
First battery that I got would not take charge. Got new  battery. Try to send the original battery  back to Philly hobby. Did realize  some shipping places will not ship a NIMH.battery. Never ever buy a battry  thru the intranet.
"Pretty disappointed in this batch of aquabots. Within a few weeks, and even after replacing batteries, only one out of the four still works. :/"
Garbage
"Cheap plastic, not metal"
I bought 2 and neither of them worked. I have bought these before from different companies and I leave them on all the time and have no problem with them. I am in the process of requesting a refund so I'll let I know how that goes. I'm going to give them 1 ☆ because they are pretty and pretty good shipping even though they don't work lol
Both were defective and started deflating only hrs after we blew them up.
Used these once at the lake an the both ripped where they connect to the seat. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.
"Makes really small balloons and they only last about 3 min filled, so throw them fast or they will leak out just sitting there. And reloading is a nightmare broke more balloons then got  on them."
This toy is junk!  Fell apart within two minutes of my child playing with it. The dress fell off making it not float!
"Not as raunchy as Cards Against Humanity (so I've heard) but this game is still too raunchy to be played with friends or family members unless you like to be asked such questions as whether or not you have engaged in rough sex (and other too-much-information questions). Yes, we have all made poor life choices but most of them deserve to remain private for a reason, not laughed at by others. I would definitely not purchase this game again."
JUNK .ONLY  HAD 1 NOZZEL
All the ants were dead.
It doesn't fly for more than a second and after that it doesn't fly at all. I would not get this at all.
Was a disappointment at the price. My grandson looked at it one day and hasn't touched it since then.
These tires are junk.... Spit the tread first day having them.
Hollow plastic molds with cut out bottoms and my 3 year old did not enjoy playing with these as the did not stand up on their own outside of the pool.
Handle ripped after first trip downstairs to the washer.
"The tail material is too fragile, now it's broken"
"Adorable product, but none of the apps worked. Screen goes dark when apps try to load. It has new calculator, notepad, and timer functions but they are useless if the product doesn't work. Returning today. So far the return process has been very smooth, thanks to Amazon."
"We bought this for our sons outdoor birthday party.  One of the pins had a hole upon inflation that we patched.  Within ten minutes of putting the game outside another pin started to deflate.  When a third of a toy malfunctions within an hour it is junk.  I am returning for a refund because Amazon is amazing like that, but if you want to have a fun outdoor party game look elsewhere."
Good idea poorley made lid doesn't stay on or fit very well
No wires from motor to attach to battery. My son was very disappointed.
This battery never worked from the begining. Said 100% charge but when it got to about 76% the computer would die. Then it started getting worse dying at 85% then wont take a charge at all.
This brand is very cheaply constructed. Half the balloons did not fill and the ones that did leaked immediately. Very disappointed as we have used other brands with great success!
yuk
"one of the four did not work, no power to motor"
"Super bummed. These dolls will not change color, what a pile. Do not waste your money."
Bought this as a gift for a friend. I new the quality was not going to be perfect but each bill looked liked my dog chewd on it and then thrown into a plastic holder. What a bad purchase. Should have gone to a reputable dealer to make sure I get the quality I am looking for next time. I should have known better.
DO NOT BUY unless you are planning to use immediately. We blew up the balloons an hour before we needed them and let sit in containers of water. Within the hour - every balloon completely deflated and none of the planned games could be played at our child's party. Horrible experience.
"Followed instructions, seeds sprouted, then wilted, and the whole contraption got moldy."
It broke the minute my nephew took it and hooked it up. Water just squirted out everywhere in mass quantities. Missed the return window so now he just has a broken sprinkler. Guess that's what I get for shopping early!
"Like another reviewer said, it doesn't fit the drone. Actually, if you push in exactly the right way and with a ton of force, it fits, but it shouldn't be that way. The original battery pops in and out smoothly."
"Absolute Garbage.  Set my son's Polar Express coal car (battery compartment) on fire.  Thankfully, I was near the sink and got it out, where it continued to smolder for a very long time.  Plastic wrapping completely melted in the battery well, train is a total loss.  Piece of junk.  Before anyone asks, yes, I installed it correctly, not my first RC -type battery.  What a mess, and over $100 down the drain, my son's absolute favorite toy will need to be replaced."
I was very disappointed with this balloon.  It did not hold the helium.  I purchased it to go with the theme of my grandson's birthday and it couldn't even be used because it was down by party time.  If there was a way to post with no stars I would!
Not the greatest wig. I had to sew the cap on because the elastic stretched out. The wig is also incredibly heavy and it doesn't stay on the head very well.
"Got mine from Coolplay.<br /><br />Awful. Balance is so bad the quad just rotates and makes an awful noise. Addiitonally, some of the sets were (3) B props and only one A."
"This is not an Aolong v2 is a Guanlong, don't buy this! Scam!"
"waste of money, great idea, and if the reviews ever get better I might try again. but I had to return mine as I couldn't even download the app so I checked reviews and (I should have done this first) saw all the poor reviews.  I will wait before trying again."
I understand random....but these are really random.  I don't even think some of them are legos.  And a majority of them are super small peices.  Totally disappionted...but should have known.  Save yourself the trouble..just by a real set!
"I made a mistake. All was written. No one to blame but me.<br /><br />I liked the MP3 playing capability.<br />I liked the quality of the sound<br />I liked the colors of the radio<br /><br />The dislikes<br />Battery life is real short.<br />6x C size batteries are needed and make it expensive to run. Don't expect kids to turn off the radio once the cd is over.<br />If you thought like me rechargeable batteries would be best from day one. Right. Not even close.<br />No adapter packed with the radio. Whatever the reason, the up-sale is not nice.<br />Navigating the functions of the radio is hard and not natural.<br /><br />I ended up giving the radio to a charity 48 hours after delivery.<br />Went of a bluetooth kind of thing with lithium battery."
Nothing grew. We tried multiple times.
"So let me say at first, I LOVE this keychain for the first few days. Actually, I love it every day before turnip heads head snaps of the body. I've bought two of these so far and they've both met the same fate. Please choose another howls moving castle keychain, you may regret this one as I have."
Cheaply made.  Strong smelling when open.  Splinters and on product wood filler used.  If looking for cheap set then this is it.  If you are looking for a product to keep for awhile this is not it.
My kids loved this game for the first day until the winder for the string broke after setting up their second course. The string kept getting tangled and stuck inside.  I took it apart and fixed it twice in 24 hours. It's going back to the store I purchased it at. Great idea but junky manufacturing.
"False advertising, not the trenchcoat version. Feeling quite ripped off."
"This little tiny flimsy toddler bed was difficult to put together.  Screws didn't fit in correct slots, directions were difficult to follow.  At the end of this tough, time consuming ordeal, it's worth the smile on our 22 month old's face."
"These are thin cardboard and when we received them, the corners were already running off. NOT worth it!"
"Do not buy, waste of money! Product was not as big as advertised want my money back"
"Sucks, would not buy again"
"Poor quality toy. Cheaply constructed, not like the other playskool transformers we have. We have the rescue bots playskool heroes"
"The product is good, but it took over a month to receive it.  Then I received 2 orders two weeks apart."
Like the past few reviews. The connectors just rips off. Everyone had a round tube and they all survived except this one. I would not recommend it.
Don't waste your money. Not sure how they ever fit the number of stuffed animals in the picture unless the animals themselves were the size of a small rodent. It now resides at the local landfill.
If you are buying this for anyone over 50 lbs. don't waste your money. My granddaughter is 100 lbs. and she sunk to her nose. I was foolish enough to buy 2 and she put both of them together and her head was barely above water.  Very disappointing considering they show a young adult floating above water.
"I love all things Deadpool, and I was so excited to find out that this sticker says it's also recommended for use on a car.<br /><br />It wasn't meant for cars.<br /><br />As I opened the sticker, I knew it probably wasn't going to work as a decal. It isn't cut like a decal, and it is made from a paper-like material just like a sticker. I gave it the benefit of the doubt because the item description states it's okay for cars, and I applied it on my rear window just as I would a decal.<br /><br />It lasted three days before peeling on the edges, and because it got soggy, I can tell you right now it isn't meant for vehicles. Save it for a laptop, a binder or anything that stays indoors, instead."
", it wasn't any paper inside for instruction, and the string never work very bad item"
Takes too long to load and the image was sometimes really off.
"This could have been great, however; one side had a rip along the side and there was no place to add candy. Four adults and four kids could not locate the place. If I had had time to return I would have so we just cut into it to add candy. Just very frustrating. Then to top it off its $6 cheaper a few days after I ordered it."
Vulgarity for the sake of itself. Tries too hard to be funny and becomes boring quickly after the shock value wears off. Play a game that doesn't force you to be a douche
no comment.
Would never lay flat even after ironing.  Returned.
It must have had a hole. It didn't hold air at all.
"The colors were NOT red, green, yellow, and blue!"
What a total rip off!!!! The picture on Amazon is very misleading.  You do not get what is pictured.  It is one little strand and very cheaply made.  This bracelet is worth about a quarter. Do not waste your money!
Purchased at the Disney Store.  Her hair is horrible! It's impossible to brush or play with.  I've never seen such horrible doll hair.
This says costume in the description.  It was only a mask! What are we supposed to do without a costume?
Didn't last more than an hour. Had holes all over the seams.
My grandson just loves this. He was always wanted to help his mom and me when he would come over. He will not let anyone use it but himself. The best thing I could have bought him. Thanks so much. I give it a 5 star.
Little to no uncommons and only 2 rares
Bought this for my son's birthday party.  Filled with about 25 cents worth of stuff.
Mine broke in three places while building.
"Too small, sounds aren't right, light is dim, ridiculously flimsy for something that is supposed to survive everything except a shark's stomach. But what REALLY makes me furious is the fact that it was OPEN before I got it! The Amazon box it came in was sealed, but the actual product's box had been opened and taped shut again. Definitely returning and never buying from this vendor again."
"Much smaller than I thought, Very, very, very cheaply made.  I just kept it in the package and will donate it."
"When we opened the box the wrong puzzle was in it. Fortunately,  my grandchild also likes dinosaurs so it wasn't a total loss, but we were all disappointed."
"First, it is very tiny. One star for size. Second, the top has broken twice. Kidkraft did send a replacement right away, but now it has broken again."
Wouldn't recommend this product. It's junk
Did not work at all. Most of the balloons did not get full and the ones that did the water was coming out before the kids could get them. This was a birthday present for my kid. If I had know they were no good I never would have got them.
great product.. not worth for 100 bucks.. go to toysrus or target
"SO disappointed! This alphabet puzzle arrived brand-new, in the sealed box, missing two letters!"
box was damaged and item does not fit it's picture
"Don't waste your money on this! Doll is fine, (although the hair is weird velour curtain-like thing) but the crown is flimsy and came apart in about a week. Needless to say my toddler was upset by that and I was disappointed."
Really small and not what I expected.
"Back legs of chair buckled within a week of owning it. For reference, I am 5'8&#34; and weigh 150 lbs."
Be careful.I thought this was the 6 inch figure. It was the 3 1/2 inch figure.
"Not as it is shown in the picture, it is a tiny fragile one, Don't buy it."
Very disappointed! I paid for 12 bags and I only got 10! Your cheating people out of their money! The day of my party and now I'm short two goodie bags
"The aqua doodle is a neat product, but mine came in a crushed box and the pen was damaged.  The pen was so squashed that we were never able to fill it with water.  I would have sent it back, but I didn't know it was damaged until after my daughter opened it as a Christmas present.  She still has a lot of fun worker with it with wet washcloths or paint brushes.  The size just right for the toddler age range."
Collection cox was busted upon arrival.  Disappointed!
"While we have shopped Amazon continuously for years,relying on the reviews, and never returned anything, in this case the reviews misled us. We lost pieces from a Milton-Bradley trouble game and tried to replace it with this one. However, the pop-o-matic die roller in this board is quite weak, very little pop, and so very often does not roll the die. Then, we need to decide whether it actually rolled or not, because if not we roll again. Often it's hard to tell, which inserts an uncertainty into the game that does not help. Therefore, unfortunately we need to send it back."
This &#34;adult&#34; coloring book series was obscene bordering on pornographic. I'm only glad I got to the mail before my young grandchildren did.<br />These were included under the category of adult coloring books meant for therapeutic use. Not remotely related in context or content.
"Terrible quality, spend $5 for M&D. Charge for returns."
Bought this for my grandsons pet dwarf bunny.  It droops over on the side.  Did NOT contain a 4 inch tall rabbit.
"It's a great idea, but the tripod falls apart between every blast the construction is so flimsy and cheap as to make it a complete waste of money. We've received two as gifts, neither has lasted a day. Buy a kid a book instead."
I'll fitting parts don't connect - couldn't even get past step one. I can't imagine how awful the quality would be even if I could build it.
Not crazy for this figure. He doesn't stand up well on the stand. Doesn't look much like Derek Jeter either.
"Total junk. We bought this orangutan to replace a 'cheap' one we purchased for my son at the zoo. He loves orangutans but the one from the zoo had hair that shed all over everything and fell off in chunks in his mouth, which is where he puts everything because he is only a year old. This one had good reviews so I thought it would be a quality product but it is just as bad! We opened the bag that the item came in and there was hair in the bag that had fallen off in transit, hair stuck to the stuffed animal that had fallen off in chunks like our old cheap orangutan, and a seam that was sticking out of the side of the animal's face. It sheds everywhere and is a very low quality item. I am sending it back and will never buy a toy from this company again. So disappointed.<br /><br />Another bummer is that the item is incredibly small, even for a young child.<br /><br />I have no idea why this product is so highly rated. I can only imagine it is because people are using this as a novelty item to sit on a shelf, from a distance, instead of as a toy that will be touched and hugged."
This bag started off perfect. Everything fit that I needed. Until both zipper handles broke off. Now it is pretty much useless.
Wig is cheaply made and more black and gray than bleach blonde. Looks more like it belongs in a horror movie.
These would not stay on my ear at all.
Ears do not have bones!!!
Balloon doesn't float flat or straight so it's like the horse is climbing something with his legs in the air. Also doesn't hold the helium so it deflated within a day whereas most mylar balloons would float for weeks!
Too cheap
Drone flew for 5 minutes and one propeller stopped working.
Needs to clearly post size of teenymate.  Was MUCH smaller than we thought
"Absolutely HORRIBLE.  We love family game time but this was beyond miserable.  Instructions were obscure & might as well have been written in Morse Code Pig Latin.  Even drew a card with the wrong answer.  Really ? Stick to cards, Monopoly, or other classics - this was definitely a disappointment !!"
"When I bought this it was only $3.43, now the price is up to $8.  It wasn't even worth what I paid for it.  It never worked, I tried buying new batteries, nothing worked.  It wasn't worth returning, but I think that is how a lot of companies make out really, sell junky products to enough people at price that is enough to make a profit, but not high enough to be worth the effort and expense to return it."
Legs broke on the first day. Small
Way overpriced.  Very disappointing.
Do NOT buy this kite. There is NOTHING about it that is even close to the &#34;original&#34; bat kite in any way. Definitely try to read all the other reviews and make up your own mind. It's kind of funny that this was actually put out by Gayla. They should be ashamed.
Nice figure but came crushed.
"Warming! The seller sell us the used and broken one, the car has a lot of scratch front of the car and back of the car, the car door is broken! I have never seen this kind of trap seller before! I have pictures and videos because it is for my boyfriend birthday gift, we took the picture and video when we opened it, then we found the broken pieces. And the sealed sticker is broken before we open it. See those pictures, we just open it and never use it."
"These were terrible. When we filed them up, they were really small. Then, when I was unhooking the first attachment and doing the second set of balloons, the first batch was making all the water out and unable. I told the kids to grab the second batch and start using them before they all emptied, but they leaked way too fast. The ones that they did throw, wouldn't even break. Everyone was so disappointed."
Cute doll but yes it's very much on the cheap side and the sound box is not worth it at all. It's only worth half the price I paid and I got two. One for my daughter and one as a gift :(
Balloon doesn't float flat or straight so it's like the horse is climbing something with his legs in the air. Also doesn't hold the helium so it deflated within a day whereas most mylar balloons would float for weeks!
Heavily used trashed
Super noisy and have to change batteries too often
"There is nothing authentic about this Backpack.. Beware you are getting a rip off. It comes horribly stitched and poor material. I should report this to Sanrio so they can have this user take down this backpack. I thought it looked awesome for my 5 year old. She so loves Hello Kitty. I was SO disappointed when I got it in the mail. I am also forced to come out of pocket to return it. Unfortunately, my 5 year likes anything that says Hello Kitty, so now I'm forced to repair it myself and just swallow the cost. If i can save anyone else the trouble of getting this backpack, its all worth it. Thanks for reading.. If i was you, I'll move on to another Backpack. Stay away from this Rip OFF"
Kept ordering the police car but I kept getting the fire truck.
I received the wrong item.  I received a Nerd mini pillow instead of sweetarts.
"There was a small cut on the outside of the bag it was pretty but was disa pointed about the cut , didn't want to waste time returning because of hassles and also the shoulder strap kindda short"
"This set is very cute, but the truck is made of very low quality plastic. One side of the main body cracked right away into two very sharp, dangerous pieces when my 3 yr old grandson was pushing it around. I must assume it is meant to carry the sand toys but not actually be played with. It's unfortunate because he really loved the truck and was not at all happy when we had to take it away or risk a nasty cut."
does not work not worth effort to comtinue with matter
Well the doll I recieved came with two left legs and the head would spin backwards and the power adapter was missing... I just want this doll to work right!! I need it for my upcoming haunted house this year! Been looking for a while for this type of doll.... And very unsatisfied with the outcome!!
"Nothing froze like it said, horrible!"
Came broken
"Such a waste of money!!! Poor quality!!! Pinata in bad shape when i received it...the bunny ears and face are distorted...does not look like bunny anymore...the bunny and the hat is separated from each other like it has been used already and recycled...just no time to replace so we just have to fix it, put some tape so we can put some candies inside...totally NOT a good buy, very disappointed! :-("
"Listen to what other reviewers have written---a majority of the time, the backpack on the Zoobdude will not work!  This is my second attempt to get this product to work correctly!  Do not purchase unless you want to play with a broken toy!"
Box was open and figures in disarray.  Very dissatisfied.
Three joints broke during assembly.  Waste of ten bucks.
The figurine broke same day
Why did you guys make the shoulder pads blue?????? Red or black!!!!! These would be perfect except for the color. I would have bought them if it wasn't for that!!!!!!!
"Arm broke off in 5 minutes, returned"
It came damaged with the box all bent. I do not recommend this product I will be reuturning it
Terrible beyblade no stamina at all
"This is not an original Itazura Coin Bank. The product description states it is shipped from Japan (helping to ensure it is an original and not a knockoff), but this was shipped from China. Cat is not the same color as shown (cat has orange stripes instead of black), box is not the same as shown (there is English writing on it instead of Japanese), and the cat says &#34;thank you&#34; in a very badly recorded voice instead of &#34;meow&#34;. All let downs when this was supposed to be a gift of an original, not a knockoff.<br /><br />This is being returned. I'd give zero stars for this blatant misrepresentation of a product if I could."
I was super excited for this toy but was disappointed when it arrived. It was very cheap quality even for thirty dollars. I returned it and got my money back.
Broken
I ordered one and the one I ordered was delivered broken. It was made poorly. I am dissatisfied with the item. This item is probably worth somewhere between $25 and $50.
"Only OK, very cheaply made"
I bought these for Summer Bible Camp at my local Church.  I was very disappointed that they didn't work at all.  Not a single bubble!  Maybe I got a bad batch.
does not work after a few days
Music sounds for only few seconds. No song. And It is a deadly weapon no joke. It is very heavy and lil ones can hurt themselves and others. I had to get rid of it after my 3 y.o. smacked her dad with it lol and dropped once on her foot.
The rpm's on the new motor do not match OE specs. Will be returning the item.
2 yr old finally popped it and the fluid ran everywhere including her mouth.... NOT HAPPY!
"I was disappointed by the size and quality,"
It didn't work when my granddaughter open it. So on that particular item definitely wasn't happy.
"Cards were counterfeit.  Obvious fakes with incorrect colors, fonts and misspellings."
If you're only trying to teach how to hold scissors these are on but they don't cut.
"WARNING! This vendor states to be aware of counterfeit versions, stating that label  should be laser etched; which it is NOT! It comes with a plain sticker label and pieces are made with the lowest quality standards. DO NOT BUY"
JUNK!!!!
Was disappointed at the price and the fact it was not a backpack as described.  You cannot fit anything in this.  It is an adorable Abbey and maybe should be sold as just an Abbey.
It arrived with 1 wing broken
No stars doesn't work!!!!  My farts are stronger!
Take a look
This product is really for small toys only.
Not very comfortable and it had a hole in it within an hour of use. Amazon has a great return policy though!
Cheap construction. Spend more get more.
This was a waste of money. It's very small and super loud. The pieces fall off too easily
I bought this thinking there were 5 flannel board stories. There was only one. The description says there are 5. I opened the package to check if the rest were in there somewhere and the cheap cardboard backing fell right off. The flannel pieces were pretty good quality though. I would have kept it had there been all five. One story with a cheap board is not worth $30+
The ball is cracked and chipped. Very poor quality. Not worth the money or hope spent on it.
fake not good
Stay away from these headphones.  They were purchased as a gift and they were broke within a month of use.  Not worth the headache when they break.
Not pink AT ALL! These are purple do not buy!
They break so easily that we spend more time putting them back together than paying with them. The colors are wrong (why is Joy a white person? She's yellow in the movie!) and the shapes are just enough off to be creepy. The mold lines are jagged. I don't like them.
I didnt read the add and these are tiny clear plastic beads in a tiny bag.
"Please avoid this product, its very thin plastic of bad quality. The first piece got broken after 2 weeks... The shuffel's are bending under weight of wet sand, I hope they will not cut the hands of my children when they brake... I wouldn't buy this product again!"
Want worth the money at all.
Junk
Says it comes with mask and it didn't . We bought it as a gift and couldn't return it so very frustrated because they won't send the mask.
This was not the product I ordered. I researched all the different floats and chose the one that cost more cause it was the most updated and I got one that was about $15 less that o chose against buying. Not very happy!
"The table is great. However, the paint on it bubbles. After about 6 months the green top started to get bubbles in it.<br /><br />I emailed the company and they promptly sent me another one. Less than two months later, the same thing happened.<br /><br />I haven't contacted them again.<br /><br />This is highly annoying especially if you have to keep taking a train set apart to replace the top."
Says its a four count and only one came!  Just ordered again because I need it for my little girls birthday party bags!  Will see if four come this time!
"Item did not function. Batteries were fully charged, but hovercraft would not lift off ground. Item was returned for a full refund."
"I gave this one star because I am so fed up with the net.  No matter what you do the net keeps falling down.  It does not stay attached to the rim.  I googled it, watched videos on YouTube and other people are having the same issue.  I had to zip tie the net to the rim.  For the price such a disappointment."
"The shapes are tiny, not very baby proof. If your baby puts items into his mouth...don't buy it! It reminds me of a travel puzzle for a 3 yr old. Hope this helps! So the description says 1-3 more like 3yrs old not 1."
"60% fail rate, just to give you an idea. I appreciate the idea, but these are useless at this price point of $9 even with 2 day shipping. I've had to result to the old fashioned water balloons.<br /><br />Thanks a lot."
very poor quality.
"Constructing anything with the magnetic tiles in this package is akin to a lesson in futility.  The magnets are weak and anything you build will fall apart. Now picture giving this to a 3 year old to play with - basically a cry fest every 5 seconds as whatever it was you built for them falls apart.<br /><br />I wanted to return it immediately, however my son liked the wheels so much we ordered real magna tiles (not these knock offs) to use with the wheel bases."
Not even close to what i expected. My daughter enjoyed it (BARELY INTERESTED) for a whole 2 days before the pens were dried and cracked and the mat started falling apart. She used it for maybe an hour total in those 2 days. I usually have no problems with the items i buy. But this is absolutely a regret in the purchase category.
"I bought this as a Christmas gift for a niece do doodle/journaling. I was so disappointed to see how small this was, as well as how few pages there were. For the price, I expected more"
Sucked
probably work but returned the drone
Definitely made in China.<br />One size does NOT fit all.<br />I'd buy something else first if I were you.
Very poor quality set!
Today is my daughters birthday and we Woke her up to open her dollhouse gift to only see that it was ripped and torn dirty and had blue marker all over it. Someone had clearly returned this product before. And I should have known by the tape at the top of the boxbox and wasn't at the bottom. Way to go people thanks for destroying my baby birthday!!!
Car received with 9 inch crack down the side. Was 150% disappointed!Will never order large items again!!!
Never worked! Returned for full return
"Not what I had expected. I had bought two others from a different company, red and blue, and were of better quality. The handle is too thick, you can see the metal color of the screws attaching the handle, the white paint was chipped in a couple of areas, the bucket metal is too thin and easily damaged. Not what I expected. However, if you can paint it over, and cover the handle with a decoration, it will do its job for a centerpiece."
"First, the pictured image IS NOT WHAT I RECEIVED!!!  The cable has an in line switch THAT DIDN'T WORK!!! I had to remove the switch in order for it to work. Beware, if you buy this, that you may have to remove the switch and either wire a new one or hard wire. Since they can't seem to get the simplest electronic circuit right (or they have zero quality control), I would recommend doing it yourself. $20 battery (if you have an extra, will work just fine) plus less than $5 in parts easy.  I'm beyond sick of poor quality practices and I will not trust Geekria with any further purchases. Picture is after removing switch (there was no yellow shrink wrap)."
It sucks
A fake donut to fool someone should not look 'fake.'  This does.  Too shiny looking to fool anyone.
"My son accidentally dropped the remote the 2nd day he had the car.  Does not work any more :(  80.00 down the toilet. Poorly made. Not durable. Would be worth spending the extra money on a better quality RC product.  We bought another controller. Working again, but, still not impressed with the quality."
Very disappointed. Too big. Looks weird.  It's horrible.
Don't waste your money. The grandkids hated them.
"Absolute toy and completely unstable, but it will fit in the palm of your hadn"
"I was watching TV with my 6 year old grandson, and we saw the commercial from whamo. The magic pen commercial made the pens look amazing, so I ordered them from Amazon (my go to shop). We received them and they were nothing like the commercial portrayed. I read the directions and these pens were nothing more than a regular marker. One of the pens leaked all over our hands, and the stencils were small pieces of papers that were impossible to take out the center without tearing the stencil. My grandson and I were so disappointed we threw them away. I would not recommend purchasing these pens there is nothing magic about them."
Not much of a toy for the price but the kid liked it
Tatum Armstrong
My DGD's did not like this item...many very cheap pieces in the set .  Next summer I will get the dolls better swimwear.
Provides my 5 yr old granddaughter hours of fun and imagination!
The description and picture is for a MASK COSTUME...that sounds like a costume and mask to me. This was just a mask. Terrible wording!
What a ripoff. I guess I should have read more closely but for that price I thought it was all three.  Almost $12 for a plastic container with a dozen plastic monkeys. NO!
"Very cute shovel, just the right size. BUT the handle broke twice and had to replace it! So very poor quality of wood dowel!!!!!<br />I bought 2 others from a different company that have worn well!"
Bad
"Less than a week into use, the arch over the top sprang a leak. I haven't found a patch that works yet. Fragile as all heck.<br /><br />My kids love it and just flop the arch out of the way. it's more drought-sensitive with the shallow splash pool.<br /><br />Previously we had a pricier slide that, like a bouncy house, had a noisy inflator running constantly. It lasted for years. This is quiet, but broken doesn't get the cigar now does it?"
Does not hold a charge
It cames broken
"I brought this for my son Birthday Today ,he Started playing with it for about an hour an it Stop working...Not Worth The Money .I Don't know Why they selling this bull .I'm Getting a Refund..."
Hahahahahah
My fav coffee cup ever
you get a bunch of random useless stickers
The mounting hardware bag marked &#34;Phantom 3&#34; contained the same exact screws as the bag marked &#34;Phantom 1 & 2&#34;. None of them fit my phantom 3. It does not have the tools to install.
"After I assembled the stroller, I placed my daughter (it was her birthday gift she just turned one.) in and as soon as she grabbed the handlebars and turned them, something snapped and now I can not steer the stroller at all."
These are a waste of time and money!
"Whether making high speed runs on the street or doing donuts in the dirt, the tires will balloon and rip apart. 3 sets of tires destroyed. Oh and now the battery wont charge on the traxxas id charger. It also will not fit in the battery bay, even with the purchase of the ecs and batter post extension kit."
WORST TOY BROCKE 2 DAY BAD!!!!!!!
Extremely disappointed! For the price I was u see the impression this was more than a small coloring book. Plus I paid almost $7 and the price listed on the coloring book retailed at $2.99. I paid 3x more than I should have.
Half of the balloons had holes in and the other half didn't seal after dropping off from the holder.  Not as nice as their add on TV.
"I bought 2 of these, the both ripped shortly after."
This is the 6&#34; figure. 1 leg is shorter than the other. No way it will stand by itself. Will need a support stand to keep this product standing vertical..therfore price is to steep. Don't take it out of box.until you make sure the feet are even. Ok for a play toy.
Doesn't stay inflated looses all air after 1 use.  Bought it for pool party blew it up a week in advance and it deflated prior to use. Too bad because it is a fun looking float. Don't wast your money.
"I wanted so much to give this a good review because it looked fun initially. However, I would never pay money for these. When you first open it, you'll need to punch out every foam piece.  Then each piece had at least one circle or rectangle that needed to be punched out of it. After about 10 minutes our 6 year old grand son wasn't even half done, even with considerable adult help. He played with the pieces for a few minutes.<br /><br />The directions are very obscure at first glance. And even when spending more time with them it became clear that it wasn't worth trying to figure out which shade of green and which shape went with which dinosaur. Our grand son continued to play with some of the pieces for a few more minutes, but got bored.  Over the next few days, all of the pieces finally got punched out (family effort) but the dinosaurs have never been put together - just too much hassle, and no fun.  Our grand son was content to just play with some of the pieces for a while.<br /><br />The box says this is designed for 6-12 year olds, but even our 10 year old grand son has no interest in putting them together (yet he LOVES putting together Legos).  Like I said, I wish I could give this a better review but I simply can't.  It's not worth buying at any price, let alone nearly $33 just for foam pieces that rival a 1000 piece jigsaw puzzle, with almost useless instructions.  By all means, save your money!  I was shocked that our 6 and 10 year old grandsons gave up on it - it looked so promising in the photos and in the write-up."
"Terrible. I returned. It was very complicated to  transform, due to directions being horrible."
This is NOT a toy for a child.  Someone got this for my 4 yr old grandson for his birthday.  Within 10 minutes both he and an older brother had major welts from it snapping back at them.  It needs to have strong danger warnings on it or be removed from shelves.
"Turns out they weren't real, didn't read close enough."
Didn't receive Arizona State Sun Devils I got Arkansas state instead.
When I searched for lunch boxes this came up. I was under the impression that this would fit in a backpack. It is a huge cooler backpack lunch box. I think it was bigger than my 2 1/2 year old. Sent it back.
"Buyer beware! This product is falsely advertised!<br /><br />&#34;Stable 5V USB power supply regardless of source, Charge/Recharge algorithms built into chip&#34;<br /><br />This claim is complete garbage. I bought two directly from Seeedstudio, planning to use them as a UPS for Raspberry Pi projects. I took the above claim to mean this would allow the load to be be powered from a battery and/or external USB power supply. However, it will not work this way. The Lipo Rider Pro will only supply a stable 5V output if the battery is connected. The USB input will only charge the battery, but will not be used if the battery is low or missing. Even worse, it won't recharge using the battery if the load is present. You have to either manually disconnect the load or flip the output switch to off.<br /><br />I learned this the hard way when I connected my Rider to a battery *and* USB input, and then plugged it into my RPi, thinking it should run like that indefinitely and be immune to any minor power outages. Imagine my surprise when I checked it the next day to find the battery dead and RPi turned off...but lights still shining on the Rider because it was still plugged into the wall. At first I thought I miswired it, but my setup matched their wiki's recommendations. Then I thought maybe I just had a bad unit. Since I bought two, I tried the other one and found the same results. Using my multimeter, I confirmed that with it just connected to external USB and no battery, the USB output voltage is only between 1.8-2V, and that there's little charging done when you attach both a battery and load.<br /><br />This board is junk. Avoid like the plague."
I opened it from the box and started flying it - the first thing I know is that the servo cover on one of the wings broke. Then the next thing - a frame section just broken - and the drop was just about 5 ft! This thing sucks - do not buy it again else you'll end up with a headache and sadness at having wasted money.
C3PO had a broken leg at arrival. He was made very cheap. Advise not to buy product. Not the sellers fault I'm sure. Shipped fast.
"parts fell off as soon as the item came out of the box, this wasn't a cheap one either but def is and looks cheap. once mirror was missing upon arrival and rest Im just waiting to slowly fall off. Don't waste your money."
Cheaply made and low in quality.
This is the worst toy you I've ever bought on Amazon. It just never stay together. And my son became very upset with the toy not being able to be driven.
"NA the assembly sucks, i had to returned two times because the cloth comes off very easily the wings are attached to the shoulder cloth, very different from other items. It stands but as soon as you move it it cloth comes off. I got it because it matches aiocos an minos color cloth, the other surplice rhadamnthys it way too purple"
Love this but where do I find 2nd birthday supplies with Sophie the 1st? I could 1_& 3
Well I am rating this item one star because we did not receive anything like the item pictured so beware!
Very disappointed in the size of this toy! I paid over double what I could have in store.
"Mask came crooked, elastic broken. Now...how do I access the buyer to change it?😡"
Bad buy. Grandkids did not enjoy.
They did not blow up as shown and they did not pop when thrown!!
Booster Pack not as advertised.  Advertised as all new pictures and questions.  All cards were duplicates to the original cards in the game.  Disappointing.  Do not buy this pack.
Very unhappy - never put it together - pitched it.
"our child wasn't very impressed. Maybe she was too young when she received it (about 2) but she didn't have any interest...  She couldn't sit in it, it would fall over. Our experience was that it was a wast of money."
The bank broke on the second coin inserted. It is now in the trash
I hade more faith in little tykes than this.  The plastic stretched and bent the second day my 2 year old grandson sat down.  Not sturdy like little tykes used to be.  Cheaply made.
Cheap Material very see through
I did not realize these were about 8 inches long so I had to return them and pay for the return shipping.  I think the descriptions should say how long they are and not the scale.  It is deceptive.  I also had to wait until they received their credit from Japan before they gave me my credit.  Not right.
cheap crap that will charge up and bust your battery.<br />went through 2 of them im getting my money back.
Came damaged
"I thought my gears were striped!  These shafts were installed in a 2WD Stampede.  They look great and are very strong, but at high speed there was a lot of wobble and vibration.  The sound was horrible i thought I trashed my transmission.  After some trouble shooting the noise did in fact come from the shafts.  Maybe they were bent but i doubt it.  Sum ting wong....."
Bad
Won't stick to anything. Kid still loves it though.
I do not recommend this product. It flew for about a minute and then died. I returned it immediately
"Purchased this elsewhere at a store and holy cow, the quality of this toy has gone down the drain! It's so cheap! Parts don't stay attached in the holes and the cover for the back doesn't stay on and neither do his glasses."
Stopped shooting/jamming after less than ten darts were fired through it.
The battery was faulty and was unable to be charged and did not work at all
Garbage
returned. Just the size of regular playing cards --- overpriced. The product size is the package size note the product size. It is confusing.
notice that everyone who gave this product 5 stars got the product for free at the end of their review. Don't like having nothing but paid advertisement.
"Flimsy and cheap. Wish I never bought them. They're right where I set them when I first tried them on... and then took them off. $.50 at a second hand shop, sure."
"My husband had one of these and it wore out after a few years.  I was so glad to see it on-line, and ordered it for him.  I gave it to him for his birthday, and guess what--------it did not work at all.  Very disappointed."
I should have read the reviews...NOT washable!!!
Bought for son.  Lasted two runs in fresh water.  Bought this one because the reviews were better than others but one battery never took a charge and the boat crapped out.  Will ask Amazon for a return and look for something else.
Don't do much.  They don't really bounce so all they end up doing is getting tossed in the junk drawer.
My son loved this toy and the arrows didn't break but the rubber bands disintegrated and of course they can't be replaced even though it would have been easy to design them as replaceable so more trash!
the cord did not come in
Crayola crayons are my fav. But half the tips are broken off the tops of the crayons in every box I bought.
"product arrived damaged from the factory, a detail that should have been mentioned..."
Hats are too small for an adult.  The band is made out of paper and is cheap.  Very disappointed.
"Got this for my brother as a gag gift for his birthday.  Our progressive feminist sister's reaction was priceless.  That said, for the amount of money i paid, i was disappointed in the quality.  Visible line at the top of the head and the two hair pieces colors don't really match.  And now he tells me he won't prominently display it.  Too bad, would have made a great conversation piece.  What a waste.  Might as well have flushed my money down a real toilet."
Way too much for a Barbie kitchen I thought it was for a toddler size
This toy was  not working properly in no time flat. Don't waste your money.
"I was shocked to receive these and discover (upon two popping within minutes of inflating) that they are powered by two button batteries, not even encased in plastic.  I wouldn't use these around any child you aren't positive wouldn't pop one in their mouth - or anywhere you might miss a battery from a popped balloon and leave it for a little kid to find.  A prom, maybe, but not little kids bopping these around.  If I'd known, I'd have chosen a different summer-night treat.<br /><br />https://www.aap.org/en-us/advocacy-and-policy/aap-health-initiatives/Pages/Button-Battery.aspx"
"We did not get any ex cards, we thought this included 11 new pokemon ex turns out that it just included the two new theme decks. Do not buy this theme deck unless you need energy cards."
"You can't see in the pictures. The doll is lovely, but front of hair was cut too short and to the side. It sticks out!"
"Three of the dolls wouldn't stand up. We ended up ordering from the Disney Store, even though we had to order two separate sets to get all the princesses."
I was. Wry disappointed with the cost
Switch broke right away.
probably work but returned the drone
Get it! Wonderful!
"WORST WIG EVER!!!!!! I wish I could give this ZERO STARS! It barely covers a tiny kid's head. I returned it (LOVE Amazon's return policy). DO NOT BUY! It's just a cap with short braid, it's NOT a wig.<br /><br />MY SOLUTION:<br />I ended up buying the long, blonde RAPUNZEL wig, sprayed it lightly with white hairspray, and then spray glue so I could add white sprinkles throughout, then I glued on sparkly snowflakes, which I adorned with blue gems in the center of each snowflake. It was by far the best Elsa wig.<br /><br />PHOTO is of my makeshift wig"
This size of the ball was a joke.  I threw it in the garbage.
Broke after about the fifth time my kids played with it.
Balloon doesn't float flat or straight so it's like the horse is climbing something with his legs in the air. Also doesn't hold the helium so it deflated within a day whereas most mylar balloons would float for weeks!
I filled these up and they instantly started to leak water.  Very disappointed. It's worth the money to buy a better brand.
"This lioness is absolutely gorgeous on the site but when you see it in person, the details aren't as distinct... I was truly disappointed as this was apart of a gift for my father on Father's Day... Also the piece is really small in comparison to the other pieces sold by Papo.,"
My daughter is 13 months old and 17 lbs. She's the only one who has used the seat and the whole bottom of it is ripped open. Very disappointed!!!!
These hardly showed up on our car windows and I returned them right away.
Broke right away. Very disappointing.
"Junk Battery, The battery came in today, I was hesitant to even buy it with all of the reports of bad cells but I tried it anyway because of the price..... Bad Idea!<br /><br /> The first attempt at a charge has cell number 1 not able to take a charge over 4.00 volts, cell number 2 will not go over 4.14 volts while cell number 3 was fine at 4.20 volts. This batteries quality makes it a charging fire or crash and fire waiting to happen. Not safe.<br /><br />UPDATE: I went ahead and took a replacement battery to give it a try. I still had cell problems. Cell #1 was 4.20 volts and cells #2 and #3 were topping off at 4.14 volts. I decided to try something. I dropped the amps down to 0.2 and ran it again and after 2 hours gained both weak cells to 4.16, another 2 hours and I had pushed them all to 4.20 volts. After one flight they were equally discharged and all cells charged like they were supposed to at 4.20 volts. If you have weak cells try this to bring life to them. this can be done with old batteries with weak cells as well with a pretty fair success rate.<br /><br />Update on Battery #2 - I am done with these, they are dangerous.<br /><br />I just got to run it out in a field and not just in the back yard so I put a bit of stress on it.... I was just coming in to land at about 11 volts (ish) and it dropped to about 7 +/- volts. Apparently the battery shorts and looses a cell, had I not been on the ground rather than the 400 foot up I was just about a minute before this I would have lost my Hex-rotor. The voltage loss registered via on board telemetry and a battery warning device I added. These things are simply not safe for aerial flight."
Completely the wrong size! Not 4mm bullets at all
"I bought this plush in hopes that it was cute and squishy like the picture suggests but when it came in the mail it looked like a disgusting creature. The nose is bright pink and plastic and the &#34;cat&#34; has no mouth sewn on. I bought this hoping for it to be a present and because it is so hard to look at, I had to make another emergency purchase. I don't usually write reviews for amazon orders but this order was so awful I felt obligated as a human being to warn others from buying this thing. I attached a photo and you can be the judge if it looks like the picture."
These are very poor quality and break while building.
Was missing a coil that holds the battery in place.  Useless without it...
This new version was't what I thought it would be. The older version is the best.
Not very attractive set
Very poorly made!
"The picture is fake, it should not include the inside contents which are not exit. My daughter thought it was the item she wanted, but absolutely not."
Product vs. Photo of product is by far a huge surprise when comparing after receiving this product and reviewing both. Huge disappointment.
"This stuff STINKS.  I don't see anything in the listing that mentions it being SCENTED. The added fragrance is a baby-powder smelling one.  It mingles with a chemical odor from the dough and it's just gross.  My kid is allergic to scents! And this stuff is crumbly also! Very disappointed.  Name brand playdoh is too expensive, so I'll just have to make our own next time."
Item was torn. Could not see it until I zipped it and had wrote her name on it!. Strap are broken. Not durable!!!!
Did not come packaged in a box and no instructions. Seems broken. Probably resold it after someone returned a defective or damaged one. This was supposed to be a gift but will buy something else.
"Any cheaper made, it would melt."
"This is a complete misuse of the word bomb. I have geese coming in my lawn that I wanted to chase away wit this so called &#34;bombs&#34;.  I tried one or two, and quit. They make less noise than me clapping my hands. Plus, they leave a mess on the lawn that I have to go and clean. Don't buy it."
my sister was able to open!! so not cool!!! light doesnt work and you can pry open!!
I got 2 of these and had to return both (I thought the first one was defective).  The WiFi FPV interferes with the quadcopter transmitter and the props cut out after only 30 feet in flight.
"This is a counterfeit item!!  I have the real Janod toy and was buying this one for a friend.  The magnets on this toy are extremely weak, the paint colors are different, the pieces are different sizes, the wood is not as heavy and it breaks easily (one of the bottom pieces on the propeller part was broken when we received it).  Don't buy this!!!"
If I could give a no star rating I would....what a waste of money.  The balloons slowing fill as water sprays from around the individual straws.  The balloons all plop off and 90% of them start spraying water as if completely untied and the rest slowing lost their water.  My wife and I madly tried to salvage the ones that we could by tying them off.  Absolute rubbish product.  We had a bunch of disappointed little boys at the birthday party.  I'd recommend spending a few dollars more on a much more legit product.
"Product apparently doesn't come with markers, but I don't know for sure because the seller won't respond to my emails."
This product is a waste of money. Looks more like transformers then turtles.
Less than 1 star. Motor stuck on and caught fire. Could not turn off. Limited battery life. I have had 2 helicopters and 1 drone. All have been defective poorly made and always a disappointment
"My daughter was so excited to get this product for her birthday, but it quickly became a major frustration. Everything we made frayed or unraveled. If you want to make stuff like this, get the actual materials from a craft store and find tutorials on YouTube. Much easier that figuring this product out. Good luck!"
You can barely hear the music off this toy
no ant stays in there or eats it.
Did not blow up my pool. Was not powerful enough.
Not what I expected
"The time of delivery was good considering I'm at an APO, but the item is incorrect, as soon as it is remedied I will rewrite with a review on the her"
"I thought I was getting the perfect gift for my niece who loves unicorns. Get the package and they are all HORSES NOT UNICORNS. Very disappointed, false advertising."
It wasnt what i expected. Its just one measly roll.
"No cape!  The description is misleading.  If you just want a cute superman backpack, it would be great."
Fell apart within one hour of receiving it.
Product picture and description are for skinny markers.  I received the fat ones instead.  Buyer beware.
Joints break way too easy.
"Very cute, but stopped working a month after delivery with only light play. Now it only makes a repetitive screeching sound when activated."
"I really hate this. I was very disappointed when I got it. Very flimsy and mostly paper. Make your own instead of buying this. I know it's cheap, but still, I expected better."
it will not rewind.
Plastic Junk. Good for nothing. Dont buy<br />Absolutely no echo
"Suppose to be a new puzzle. The box was torn and looks like run over and was flatten. The bag inside looks in tacked but there are two stickers on the front of the bo, yep blocking the picture! But can't really see the picture with all the creases from the box. God now what happened to it. The one sticker says Amazon Wearhouse NO PLACE ON ORDER OR ITEM does it say Amazon wearhouse."
"Terrible, do not buy these."
"We gave this to our Grandson for his 1st birthday.  We loved the ark, and for now, Ivan was at least learning to put the animals into the ark through any hole they would fit through and enjoyed putting them in with the top off!  He is still too young to put the animals into the ark by fitting them into the correct hole. Before we left to go home, I tried to put Noah and his wife in through the proper openings, AND THERE WAS NO WAY THAT THEY FIT!  I have photos... I would love to have the ark with the proper openings, for Noah and his wife so that when Ivan is old enough to put Noah and his wife into the ark, they will go in!!!<br />Our second disappointment were the missing turtles!"
"My eight year old daughter had high hopes for what looked like a really cool ball.  Unfortunately, her excitement and enthusiasm deflated almost as fast as the air leaking out of the gaping hole that developed within one hour of opening the box and using it.  There simply isn't anything amazing about this ball.  If it cannot withstand the use of a child, then it's a totally worthless toy."
Bad quality. Impossible to make twisting balloons.not happy.
"Ok so i also did not realize these were tiny balloons. It does say 5' in the title but yeah.... They were for my son's birthday and the small size would have been managable only they also did not rise!!! We took them, paid $1/ each to inflate them with helium and they sunk like rocks. We're military stationed in Japan so we can't just hop over to a store to replace these last minute. Very dissapointing."
Broke within 5 minutes of play.
"After sorting through this box, there are only 491 cards total.  Of those, there are 108 different cards.  The other 383 cards are repeats of the 108.  The highest number of repeats I received for one card was 15.  There were several 12, 13, and 14 of one card.  I also didn't receive a super rare card or the 15 rares.  Definitely never buying again."
Bought it for my little cousin because it was banned. He all grown up now.
too much money for a piece of plastic junk. DO NOT BUY
"bad experiencie , sorry"
Don't buy it. Very poor quality.
This machine worked for a about 5 minutes and then quit.  My grandson and his friends were upset when it stopped working.  Gave up trying to get it to start working again.  Spoke with a Customer Service Rep and was told to send it back.  I did not reorder.
Doesn't hold water
Monkey does not land on its feet. Dont buy. Waste of your money
"UPDATE: The glass has gotten foggy between layers with no way to clean them.  The light began to flicker, so I changed the batteries.  After more flickering, the light quit working.  I opened the battery compartment to discover the new batteries had leaked.  Those batteries were from a name-brand, jumbo package of batteries, and others from the same batch are performing fine in small flashlights, so I believe this magnifier could be defective.  It appears to be snapped together loosely, so neither the layers of glass, nor the battery compartments are sealed.  I needed the higher power of the smaller glass combined with the light.  Both are now dysfunctional, so I downgraded the rating from three stars to one.    ORIGINAL REVIEW: The magnifying glass is decent.  I love the built-in light.  The smaller lens--the most important one--came with some debris inside, between the layers."
Product did not contain ants. Ants refused to dig tunnels and instead sought to escape.
I ordered this and the puzzles 2 of the 4 puzzles I received were NOT what was pictured on my order. The 2 were ones I already had and wanted the ones pictured. Was not happy that what was advertised was NOT what I received.
Very small and doesn't look identical ....came all squished in a tiny plastic bag
I purchased this and received only 1 ball vs the description of 12. I submitted feedback and have yet to receive a response or my remaining order.
"These balls were yellow, not clear. Not at all as it appears in picture."
I had recently purchased this Tube. Used one time great. Second time down there are holes. Horrible product. Asking for return
Not much to say other than it sucks. I don't know if it was us or not but it didn't really slush anything.
This product is either falsely or incorrectly advertised as having two way charging capabilities.  It came with NO instructions.  There is absolutely NO WAY this battery would fit into or be charged in the AR drone 2.0 charger.  It does not fit snugly into the AR drone battery compartment either.  If I didn't happen to have a balancing charger from my RC helicopter I would have had no way to charge this thing.  No only am I disgusted with Geekria  but I am also disappointed with Amazon.  Now I have to go through the hassle of packing this up and sending it back.  What a time waster.  Update 09/03/2015.  I also discovered that the battery would loose power suddenly even though the indicator on my I Pad showed power left to land it adequately.  This resulted in it suddenly dropping out of the air with a damaging crash.  Geedria did stand behind the sale and volunteered to refund my purchase price.
Red didn't work. Most of tube bad
Zipper was broke. I had to return it
"My kids love watching the Surprise eggs videos on You Tube and recreate the shows.  We thought we would surprise them with a new batch.  I'm glad I checked them first because this is what we got.  Compare my pictures to the one they show...we got a bunch of crap, and it's all the same crap.  Very disappointed."
"don't be fooled, complete piece of......."
Don't buy!! I want my money back. 5 of the 120 gallons were usable.
I ordered two boxes of 36 glasses each.  They arrived COVERED in scratches.  You can't even see out of them they are all so scratched.  This product is a waste of your time.
Did not come with cups. Very disappointed
the quantity was too small for the price!
"well... for the price we payed (36 dollar) we were very, very disappointment that will cost no more than perhaps... 15 dollars??? ( If you are generous). The qualite is really, really cheap, for sure we won't buy it again!"
"Challenging to the point of not being fun because of the jigsaw cut pattern. Some pieces are very oddly shaped; so many are completely interchangeable and when colors are so similar, this is frustrating. Large sides fit with tiny sides; some frame pieces don't look like frame pieces. It's only a puzzle...if it requires that much effort, it kind of defeats the purpose."
Too expensive for one minifigure i want one but i dont want to waste my money
"Just received my doll and am very disappointed. It ended up being the Chinese cheap knock off. The face painting looks nothing like the Disney version and the red lips are crooked. Had I known I was getting this version I would never have bought it. It's a Denise not even Disney. Also the box is totally destroyed not even in a collectable state. Also it took 2 and 1/2 weeks to be delivered, when it should have been 5 to 8 business days. I will never order fro China again!"
Wand was missing one of the ends.
Product broke immediately
Don't buy from Kingston toys says new box was open and read taped so I'm sure I got one that was on display and the trunks box was damaged  it's still the real deal but I plan on giving it away  to my nephew and getting a new one
"Let me start off by saying that I did not have high expectations when I purchased this lot.  And yet, I was extremely disappointed.<br /><br />The description says you can receive 4-6 duplicates of a card.  I knew full well to expect more than that, but I was not prepared for what I received.  I've read reviews on many of the &#34;lots&#34; for sale and have been skeptical.  This one received good reviews so I decided to give it a shot.  For around $40 dollars I figured how bad can it be if you're receiving 2,000+ cards.  Well if I had the opportunity to do it over again I would hesitate before I spent $5 on this.  Why?  Because here is an example of what I received:<br /><br />98 - Chorus of the Tides<br />97 - Revoke Existence<br />97 - Rise to the Challenge<br />90 - Cyclops of One-Eyed Pass<br />89 - Eye Gouge<br />89 - Snake of the Golden Grove<br />87 - Grisly Transformation<br />82 - Claim of Erebos<br />71 - Ephara's Radiance<br />68 - Akroan Skyguard<br />65 - Griffin Dreamfinder<br />63 - Elite Skirmisher<br />57 - Excoriate<br />55 - Culling Mark<br />54 - Sphinx's Disciple<br />53 - Epiphany Storm<br /><br />That's only the cards I received that have over 50 duplicates of the same card.  I listed only 16 cards yet that made up 1,200 of the cards I received!!!  The list continues with a ton of cards that I received 20's, 30's and 40's of duplicates.<br /><br />Again, I had low expectations and knew I would receive duplicates, but this is ridiculous.  PLEASE save your money.  This is definitely not worth it."
Very small for price same one toys r us 15 bucks
Looks cheap! Don't waste your money. Skirt is not as full as it looks in the picture
Back on off swich broke off ater about a week of use. Had to theow it away. Waste of money
Not what I wanted. Ridiculously big. I can't do any thing with it. Still in the box. Waist of money.<br />What do you do with that? where do you put that to play?
"This is a total waste of time and money. Very cheaply made, the legs do not even match up at the holes to be able to completely screw in the screws. The material the center is made of sags to the floor without my baby even standing on it, and even if it didn't sag the material has zero bounce to it. I have put in a request to return. Very very disappointed. If I could select 0 stars I would."
This thing made 6 miniature candy bars for $6. It's a ridiculous amount of money for that. Buy a bag of candy instead.
'nuff said 😒
"The lower section keep deflating after 1/2 hour not seeing where the leak is taking place i think its the valve, but for me this pool need inprovement at the base tubing."
It did not work it wouldn't sing
Fake China Bullets DANGEROUS BECAUSE TOO HARD. NOT REAL NERF BULLETS<br />Several kids hurt
"The products port for charging is very flimsy.  I had to have the plug put in on an angle in order for it to charge.  By the 4th or 5th time, it would no longer charge.  To make matters worse, Worgo initially stated that they have seen this issue before and if their recommendations didn't work, they would issue a refund.  Once outside the 30 days though, they just pointed over to Amazon and said I'd have to work with them.  Very disappointing."
"More plastic to the landfill. My daughter got this for her birthday. We tried it once. The whole process was a total pain. Any kid with enough dexterity to use this set could easily use real kitchen tools and not a plastic toy, so I really don't get the point of this product. The pressed shapes looked vaguely like they were supposed to until you try to put the stick in them. Then most of them crumbled or just slid down the stick. The best of them looked like balls we could have simply rolled out by hand. All that plastic is SO unnecessary. And as there are no recipes included with this product you've got to invest more time and energy in figuring out what to make the cake and frosting out of before you can even begin."
"I had such high hopes for this product having had no problems with leappad 2, which still works some years into use, but I wanted a toy with wifi capabilities). However, when I first bought this product, after capturing one of the imagicards less than a month of use, the screen froze and none of the buttons worked including the power button. I ordered a replacement against my first instinct to request a full refund, because my daughter had been looking forward to this toy for some time, and thoroughly enjoys the various apps that I purchased to go along with the leappad platinum. To my dismay, and much to the disappointment of my toddler, the same thing happened to the replacement toy: A FROZEN SCREEN. I am now contemplating that either the platinum edition needs a full review by the manufacturer, or perhaps I received a refurbished rather than a brand new product as was my intent to purchase."
"This doll doesn't match the other Disney Ariel dolls we have. Different hair color, different colored eyes, and different skin tone.<br /><br />Arrives in a plastic bag - not standard packaging."
"Ordered this for my son's 9th birthday.  It looked cool, but was not functional.  The wand becomes an attachment to the tail and won't stay on.  The figure does not even stand up on it's own once transformed to the dinosaur, which is frustrating.  The instructions were difficult to follow and it was difficult to transform.  We have decided to return it."
"The PRODUCT, doesn't contain enough paint in order to complete, the sole reason for a poor review. Had to purchase an entire new kit in order to finish. I think that makes this a poor product, amazon."
Lovely doll but earring is stuck on hair. Will have to open and it will loose it's value
"We are disappointed in this purchase. The tail keeps falling off. It has a wire that attaches the tail to the body. It is difficult to stuff the wire back into the body and keep the tail on. It makes some noise and walks a little, but not worth the money."
"Expensive for what was in essence, just bubble solution"
"Legs do not attach to fly. They just fall out. Very lousy construction, or else there are no instructions on how to assemble properly."
"An absolutely awful product.  I love so many things by Battat, but not this one.  This tent is awkwardly shaped, small and is IMPOSSIBLE to fold back once it is unfolded.  I am not kidding you.  I bought this at our local Barnes and Noble and had to take it back unfolded because I could not fold it to save my life!  You'd get a third degree sunburn by the time you are done folding it if you take it to the beach!  I urge you to stay away from it and look elsewhere for a better, user-friendly design."
Pain to put together
"Sad to say I'm pretty disappointed in this cube. The movement is fairly smooth... most of the time. Within one solve, I could hear springs, and it started to lock up. Maybe I just got a bad one? The colors are very difficult to tell apart unless in very bright light. I opened the curtains, turned on all the lights, and that was the only way it was easy. The cube itself feels like it's made of nothing, a little too light as it feels incredibly flimsy. I worried I was going to break it.<br /><br />The smaller cube is nearly impossible to move. I couldn't do a single solve. It took me 5 minutes to twist it up, and 3 minutes to solve one face when I finally gave up. It feels like 3D printed plastic that wasn't sanded down, and the red and orange look identical to me.<br /><br />The velvet bag though is very nice. Shame that's not what matters."
"Like other reviews, the size of this hat should be stated!  It is fitted for a child.  It does stretch but not enough for an average size adult head-so when an adult wears it, the cap will slide off.  And the material smelled strange when I opened the bag---it is from China.  The material is poorly crafted--it's not really a cotton but not a polyester either.  It still smells after washing!  Look for other options if you are looking for a music hat :("
"Despite its likeness this item was extremely small and not worth the money. I would have rather paid a bit more for an actual plush doll, nit something the size of a roll of socks."
This thing is crap.  I blow farts stronger than this fan.  I'm amazed it hasn't been taken off market.  100% doesn't work!!!!
Broke after 2 days
This is a very simple board game that might be a good one for kids instead of adults. I bought this one because it is recommended by many websites as a good game to play with two players.
This was hard to put together!  The force I had to use on some side resulted in it being weak.  I was unable to disassemble to be able to reuse. I do not recommend buy this product.
No
don't buy from this vender. Lentenda
"My dumb son thought they were airsoft guns, now I'm out $22.00."
This piece was terrible and broke immediately. Not thrilled about it. Probably the first time I have ever been disappointed with something I bought from Amazon before.
item showed up smashed not new as advertised.
Twilight is best pony not Fluttershy
"This is just stupid. They've completely deluded everything about this muscle car - there's virtually no appeal anymore. Chargers were nice n' all, but there were much better muscle cars of the day. The thing that made this car special was it's paint job and watching the custom 'stunt' versions do their thing every week on Television.<br /><br />For crying out loud there isn't even a &#34;01&#34; decal on the side. Yes, let's just erase EVERYTHING about the Dukes of Hazzard ... cause they were sooooo racist! *give me a break*"
"The quality of this thing sucks. As soon as you unzip it, the plastic container portion pops out of the decorative sleeve. Hardly enough space to fit anything more than a pencil &&& a pencil sharpener. Looks cute on the outside, until you try to use this case for the purpose it's made for. Grade A Doo Doo."
I like the color and its to big for my 3 month baby.
"Junk and hardly echos your voice.  Returned immediately after opening the package.  It simply isn't worth the $5 dollars, and that is pretty sad."
returned - not practical. Bought real silver sparkly shoes for $10 elsewhere.
Very junky!
"Timer, 10-sided die, and one of the chips were missing from the box!"
Knock offs that do not change color!  Pointless expensive purchase for 7 regular hot wheels cars....
"The Quality Control is completely incompetent.  I received the first chopper with completely dead helicopter and dead remote.  I called the manufacturer which told me that if the lights aren't turned on it must be a defective unit.  So, I returned and opted for replacement.  The replacement came with working chopper (the lights were on...), but dead remote both items have QC stickers on them so they must have passed some test... Not satisfied with the customer service, definitely not satisfied with the quality of the product.  Avoid purchasing this item, it will not work."
Don't waste your money
Uncomfortable material.  Something in the fabric causes itching skin even after  washing it.
"I Bought the first Arcade Legends from Chicago Gaming. Do not Buy!!! Games look fun but are way too hard!!! Instead of hours of fun you will have hours of FRUSTRATION!!! worst 3,000 dollars I ever spent. You are better off going to an arcade! If you have kids spare them the frustration. The games do not have an easy play, medium play or advance play- it has Expert play only! DO NOT BUY!!!"
These are too small for the hand of an 8 year old. May fit a 5 year old. The problem is once you open the package it is not returnable. My son is very disappointed.
"Ordered these for my sons birthday, received red and black which does NOT go with his color theme. Instead of red and blue we got red and black!"
SJE - where do you live? I'd love the pegs!
Only for 2 shopkins it's $9!<br />You don't even know if you're getting a limited edition or something like that!
Arrived without a pilot... shorted and nowhere to report it
This item was broken when received. Very cheap.
"I bought this trophy for an event i was hosting thinking it would be a perfect prize to win at the end. It is plastic, but not hard plastic, flimsy very cheap plastic. I was pretty embarresed to give it out at the end, so look else where trust me"
This item was extremely small I thought it was going to be a dull not a miniature doll.
This thing is junk had it in ran one time and now its toast. I bought a second one thinking i did something wrong but nope they are junk
"Absolutely terrible selection, all from Commander sets, no original prints whatsoever. Had duplicates. Will not buy again"
The box had been opened many times and the wrong helicopter was in the box not a good experience for me had to return and now the price is higher makes me wonder
Broke in 2 weeks.
Purchased this and the desert MARPAT. using a lot of MicroSet and MicroSol and getting crap results. The decals inside the Trumpeter figure kits are way better than these and those thing break apart just by looking at them. Going with Cross Delta instead.
Not good
Havent used it. Have 2 boys... i got an bright pink one. So... waiting to give it as a gift.
"This appeared to be a very nice pool slide.  The order arrived quickly and the product was as described.  During set-up I followed the directions including the one about not over inflating the slide.  My children absolutely LOVED playing on this slide.  On the second day of use, one of the seams split in a foot hole on the ladder side of the slide.  That portion of the slide lost air and that was it, the kids could no longer use the slide.  I have tried patching it several times with no luck.  It is less than useless at this point. I would NOT recommend this slide."
"Ugh wasted money and missed return deadline. Cheap quality, lights barely twinkle and only seen with dimmed lights on, half missing sequins,  glue webbing from one sequin to another and the most hideous part is on/off button around waistline. it had round,orange, dead on glued sticker over it! Seriously?!  In my opinion they should ve sewn flower over it instead.<br />My lil one wore it couple of times until dress fell apart then it went straight  to dumpster. Yep it was not worth repairing or giving to Salvation store. I regret not taking pictures"
"Science is not gender-specific.  You've got to be kidding me with this crap.  As a father of a beautifully inquisitive, precocious young girl, I'm appalled at this kind of sexist marketing."
"These don't cost much, but they don't offer much either. Skip it."
Garbage!! Do not Buy they are like fake toy teeth
"Save your money and go with real coins from Johnson, Sacco, tango, lassen, etc... They are not solid in any way. They are plated coins in which the plating after about a week or two peels off. Not to mention they look nothing like real coins. You know it's bad if I say Sacco and sterling make better coins than this. Pure garage and waste of money. I am a professional working magician and got these out of curiosity. They live up to the terrible quality standards of magic makers."
Did not work. Returned item.
"Dirty box, full loose threads, box is very worn out. What a disappointment."
Over priced. Han and Obi Wan are $15 each and the other 2 are $20. Buy them repeatedly and save yourself $25
This puppy's leg broke after a day with a 7 year old. Customer service wasn't so hot when we called them. So now the poor puppy sits in a corner and gets petted like a stuffed animal instead of zooming around like it was designed to do.
"Total and utter rip-off.  I thought the pieces were regular size Legos, suitable for my 2 and 3 year old grandchildren, but the pieces are way too small.  And even though it says the box contains 405 pieces, I doubt it.  It came about half empty.  Never again."
"The kit I received was not the kit pictured. The kit pictured has 24 compartments (with 4 horizontal rows). The kit I received only has 3 horizontal rows, and while you can configure it to have 24 compartments they are too small to fit anything in. Very disappointed because I specifically picked this product due to the number/size of the compartments displayed on listing."
"I order two of these for my boys. We have only had them a short while and the stitching is ripping out on both costumes. Very poorly sewn. I had to get the sewing machine out and fix the leg seams. Very disappointed by a licensed Star Wars product! Otherwise, my boys love the costume!"
Do not waste your time!
"Doesn't even deserve a one star. bought for my granddaughters birthday. When she went to open it, it was all rusty and corroded!!!<br />She was literally in tears!!!!!"
"I had bought this for an open house at work.  I was going to let the children spin it and win a prize.  The spinner broke right off the board on the very first spin.  What a waste of money, and we were so very disappointed. Do not purchase this."
It was very cool until the rubber band broke on the 5th launch.
Balloon doesn't float flat or straight so it's like the horse is climbing something with his legs in the air. Also doesn't hold the helium so it deflated within a day whereas most mylar balloons would float for weeks!
Very misleading! They do not change colors!
the darts were darts
Missing small figure.  My son was so upset.  Cost also as FULL PACKAGE.  Not happy at all.
"I bought this off ebay but wish I could have tried it on first.  for me the helmet is uncomfortable.  the Up-N-Down hinged system always rides up the back of my neck, never stays down.  no matter if I wear the adjustment tight, loose or just right.  There is no real support for your frontal lobe which means your head rest against the high impact styrofoam.  I seriously prefer my $40 Giro helmet over this any day"
It's made of VERY cheap Soft plastic...it wouldn't even stand up...A waste<br /> of money in my opinion.
They are not spinning good when there is a wind in fact some are not spinning at all!
"It is not like that image, not 8"
Overpriced right out of the gate
"I bought this for my son who is great building Legos. He is 8 years old and has great attention to detail. I have had to help him with every step. It won't stay together, the pieces don't connect well, and the map/directions are awful. I feel horrible that I bought this for him as he is really sad about the struggles he is having and he doesn't want to finish it cause it won't stay together. Please don't waste your money like I did."
Followed the programming instructions several times and by several people and still will not go forward.  Disappointing given the other good reviews
So excited to find it but when we took it to be blown up it would not hold the air :(  very disappointed!!!
Broken arm on arrival. It is a good concept - needs to be reevaluated to improve the quality and workmanship.
Got warped when left in sun for an hour.
There is no skill required in this game. Maybe it's for little children learning their left and right...
"thanks for the brown box!  this was a gift....looks like it dropped off the back of a truck.  i've bought several frustration-free packages before but i don't ever remember them coming with ZERO product recognition on the outside....this would have been great for Christmas, but this was a child's bday present...they had no idea what it was.  i had to print a label and stick it on myself."
Frog does not land on its feet. Waster of your money
One of the keys was bent and the tiny (cheap) padlock very difficult to open at all.  Very disappointing.
Bad you shouldn't buy it<br /><br />Bad
It got stuck on the ceiling of Macy's
This product is totally useless since the paint was all dried out and unable to mix with water.  Since the amount paid for it was small it is not worth paying to return it.  Very dissatisfied
Very uncomfortable and firm. Gave it away.
"This thing does NOT!!! Print out real money. I have this one also and it does nothing PERIOD!!! It is only a magic fun fake trick, THAT'S ALL!!!! Oh,  I hate liars."
I have three other of these bingo sets from the same company. This is the only one that comes with cheap paper chips. (all of the others have nice plastic chips)
The solar panel is defective and shipping was VERY SLOW! Biggest waste of money! They don't deserve the one star but that's the lowest offerd
pictures is not the same as the balloon
The motor works but it seems like the wings are to heavy for the motor to move.  The directions are not easy to understand and the paints were useless because they were dried up.  I wouldn't buy this again and wouldn't recommend this to anyone.
"Did not work, had to return, your luck may vary, but for the price don't expect much"
So fake not real don't buy and waste time on this item And the staff is about to fall off and the glasses
Very cheap!  Not what I expected.  Extremely small!
It broke right away! It is not waterproof! I went through a puddle and it would not drive after. Terrible product!
Junk. Never worked.
This item is advertised as CRAYOLA with CRAYOLA products and when you receive the box it is all different brands and not worth the money.  This is FALSE advertising and should not be allowed.
very fragile
Looks beautiful...China:(
"Quite disappointing!  Although the print seems fine, the handle is made of flimsy plastic which makes it look so cheap, aside from being easily broken.  The paper rips easily too."
"I am getting a jump on Halloween costumes this yeraar and its a good thing...ordered this, hubs put it together, did not work, sent back for a replacement, got it, I put it together, did not work. We have decided it is poorly designed. The switch does not engage the light. Pleas stop selling these Amazon. They are junk."
"Bought this for my daughter and it was a complete waste of money, I should have looked at all the other reviews first before making the purchase. It is very cheap quality, hard to pull out the red cap on the bottom to fill up, the water leaks everywhere and it DOES NOT shoot the water at all. Very disappointed."
"Sucks, very small and I only received one? Delivery was on time but not what I paid for."
"I didn't have high expectations for these because of the price, but the reviews influenced me to purchase. The set I got looks nothing like the picture. Almost all of them are neon, and it looks like they were just sprayed quickly with a dot of bright paint. Returning immediately."
It wasn't what I wanted. I was buying Shelton Benjamin and got Nuzio instead.
Flimsy material that tore the first time we tried to use it.  Didn't work as advertised.  Definitely not something to waste your money on.
Later found coloring book at dollar store. Price too high!
The set were not as pictured.
A rip off! Will not buy again!
I didn't get any exes
I have had 2 of these sent to me in the last week and a half. Both times the camera quit working. Not impressed at all.
My Baby love this toy
This figure came with two left hands.......just my luck .......
It deflated over and over again...disappointing.
Terrible! The car and remote would not even sinc up together. A waste of money.
"some chick i use to know wanted it so i bought it and holy crap i could have made it myself for cheaper, its a total waste of money."
I was super excited for this I even bought the Thor hammer and the iron man face and hand for my nephew's but pricey but I liked how they looked then I receive them and was bummed out the size of them are super small for the price and quality even tho it's a &#34;name brand avengers&#34; but damn seriously this things worth 10 maybe 20 bucks personally I'm disappointed thing is almost the size of my open 😕
Very disappointing for a six year old. The pen holder didn't work. A complete waste of money.
This is decivingly hard puzzle. I bought it for my 2 year old who has done sinilar puzzles and loves them. First of all the letter cut outs are not the shape of the letter! Also some like the S that look the same top to bottom will only fit one way. And under the letters there isnt a picture of a letter. There is a picture of something that starts with that letter. Basically the kid has to be able to read to do this puzzle and recognize oh that's an apple it starts with an A. If your kid could do that they would be developmentally past this puzzle. Huge huge fail from Melissa and Doug!
Deflates!
Fast delivery but they don't jump :(
Card quality is thin.
"Very diappointed as box was opened, sort of ratty, and inside"
Stupidest toy choking hazard messy
Fun to make but it didn't taste good.
"Terrible quality, broke after one use."
Don't waist your $ in the beginning I was to return it because I thought was to small but I keep it because it looks really good I used for 2 weeks and then every time I turn in on the electricity look ecstatic and don't moves anymore I have other lamps like that but I never gave that problem you can found it better quality and cheapest in Wallmart
"I specifically chose this one because it says &#34;stickerless&#34;!!! Like the other reviewer, I'm very disappointed.  Paid more for an item I thought was stickerless.  There ARE stickers."
"If there was a rating for less than a star it's what i would rate it. This product is very very cheap. Not even an hour of opening it and my son playing with it, one of toys legs came off and the other had a crack on its shoulder.. Really really bad product and paint job as well!!! Wish i had looked at the reviews before i bought it."
Falls apart. Does not work properly.
"We bought this boat half a year ago. It worked fine at the beginning, but there have been multiple connecting problems. one Day, my son used it and after that he charged it like any other boat. after one or two hours it started burning and the hull melted. It nearly burned our house down. The counter that is damaged because of the burns needs to be replaced and is a damage worth thousands of dollars. It could have ended much worse. I wouldn't buy this item. It is made of many cheap items. Also the connecting problems that other people had are nothing what you can do much about. You can only check the to metal pins at the bottom of the boat, but else there is just luck."
"The package arrived today. I was excited to open it and thought that I found what I can bring with me for my toddler to keep him busy when we travel this September. When I opened it, the whole item was sticky and oily. It was dirty with some black sticky marks around the frame. I tested out the eraser magnetic swipe and it fell off right off the item. Wow....I am very disappointed. I have to look for another item that will not come damage or might as well go to a store and search for a better one. Will be returning it. It wasn't worth the order."
does not match up with Ipad and constantly loses connection
"Package was 4 days late, which was the fault of Fed ex and not the seller. When the batteries arrived one had a wire pulled out, and two others do not charge to rated capacity. My 500mah batteries last at least 30% longer. Also, the product add states that it works with the UDI 817 which is false. These batteries have an entirely different connection and do not fit in the battery compartment."
Did not meet expectations and was returned for refund.  A remote controlled car means controlled remotely
"Received as a gift for my son from a friend who purchased this on Amazon. The set was obviously used and had a ton of problems. Some parts were covered in mold,  battery cover was broken on the remote,  no smoke,  remote had a range of about 2 feet, missing instructions,  etc. Not sure if it's a manufacturer or a seller issue,  but I would avoid at all cost, especially considering it's meant for little kids."
These are the worst quality kites I have ever purchased. A total waste of money. Thin plastic - worse than a plastic bag. Do not purchase these. I had these kites when I was young but they are not made well anymore. And they do not fly.
I thought I was getting a full size sticker book instead I got a 4×6 notepad size.
It's dumb and stupid. Just a copy of minecraft.
Blades do not perform well on the Walkera 350 model.  Ended up with 6 stitches in my arm after the quad decided the props couldn't lift it any further.
I got a magic cube brand or something like that. not the shengshou i was waiting for
This is not a 1/35 scale model. The tank under it is.
They're not real Pokemon cards.... But are cool and I guess if your kid doesn't notice they'd still be a hit.
Again no instructions in English.
I am very disappointed there was no number on this product and no time to re-order a suitable replacement!  Amazon usually does better.
This item is MUCH smaller than expected for the price.
Fell apart within days! They are made of cardboard and don't hold up to drool or any amount of chewing:(
"The toy arrived yet none of the moving parts are working, only the respective sound bits are working (like the &#34;roar&#34; of the dinosaur).  A disappointing purchase."
All 12 beach balls were the same color just red and white. Not multi colored
"opened,used and fake !! what a waste of money ! never again !"
way to small! not worth the money in my opinion.
"My daughter loved it, but the strap broke after a day of use."
Do not buy
Arrived broken.
The dolls leg broke 5 minutes out of the box. The legs are suppose to bend but they don't. My daughter bought this doll with her own money and it's sad it didn't even last 24 hours without breaking. I heard it snap from across the room and then her crying....
"SERIOUSLY?  within about 10 mins of my kids opening this toy up the door breaks.  looking at the design, it is a total design flaw.  couple that with the cheapest plastic imaginable....this thing is as cheap a toy as you can get.<br />we have now owned this thing for a month, it doesn't get much play time as it is put up high when not in use (and I can supervise) my kid is not rough with it, I screwed it down to a 24x24 inch piece of painted wood and reinforced joints, door latches and anything else I could using epoxy... and its falling apart.  my kid absolutely LOVES teen titans go! so I don't dare throw it out... but this thing is trash.  I'm hoping they do some redesign or something and build it to a better standard with better materials."
This new pump only lasted 3 months. We were told by a Summer Escapes representative it would work better than the 1000.  The pumps for this pool are poor quality.
Very disappointed with this item. Card sizes and lines did not match when you put together.
Does not work it came defective
The pieces are very small for the age-group specified. Had to gift it to someone and was rather embarrassed at the small size.
It had a hike in it within minutes. Very disappointed.
Took it out the box and inflated it to find that it has a hole in it somewhere.
Very small
I ordered two sets of these and both neither of them were correct. We ended up with a submarine set and a weird dinosaur set. A little disappointed because we were looking forward to the safari set.
Not worth it
We had a cosmic catch for years.  It was great fun.  The one we purchased this July did not work.  Boo
does not stay put.
Bounces good but all the little rubber pieces pop off so for small kids and pets it's not safe!
It took a grown man with a wood bat to break this.  Not a good pinata for a 4 yr old birthday party. Lol
I love this picture it turned out awesome... Besides the fact the two of the colors are dried out. I was so excited to finish now I'm am just completely disappointed. I would like for this company to send me new paint asap...
The torso comes apart really easy it never stays together
This item never ran or floated.  Terrible disappointment.  One star is way too generous.  Please send refund.
"I was excited about this toy, but was disappointed because it is really hard to see the effect of the magnetic stylus.  You &#34;draw&#34; the letters by moving the stylus along the letter outline, and the magnet pulls a little silver pellet up to be flush with the surface of the board.  The holes are sort of shadowy when there's no pellet pulled up, and when the pellet is up, it also is dark.  The change between pellets and no pellets is not visible enough. Also, not all of the pellets stay in place. If a few fall back into the holes, you have to retrace, which defeats the purpose of the activity. You want your child to learn to form the letters correctly, not just to poke around to fix the spots where the pellets fell down. Retracing also causes other pellets to shift, and you really can't successfully make any letter."
"If it were bigger, we'd have no complaint. It really is super mini in size."
to small
"The one I bought will not expand beyond 3 clicks.  I wish I would have noticed all the 'how to make it work' threads and videos on the internet before i bought this.  Don't waste your money on this, there are better games out there than one that has a 50/50 shot at working."
"Just does not work, to thick and chunky"
Who in their right mind play this?! It is bad enough to play the real one but come on people coming up with a safe play gun and balloon version!!!! If you are sane then don't play this
Garbage!  Misshaped with hole and damaged.  Looks terrible in person.
"Don't waste your time or money on this! Sketchy instructions and very thin and fragile plastic body.  The camera/video has no instructions for computer download, and does not appear to be compatible with Windows 10. I hope I get my money back."
This toy is made for pools not for tubs.  It did not work to my expectation.  It is slow and makes a lot of noise
took a long time to get this together and a part. A waste of time and money. very cheap material.
"Very disappointed in these, my granddaughter who loves Frozen wouldn't even play with these, as the clothes would not stay on and a lot of the small things broke as we try to take them apart off the sheet. She is 4. Not even worth sending back. Never again will I order these waste of money and my reward points."
Cute materials but be warned this bag is HUGE! I have two Mainecoon cats and I swear they could both fit in this bag! More of an overnight bag. Put it this way...if an oriental woman carried it she'd tip over!
"I hate it.  It arrived defective as the fiber optic strand holder does not even go into the base of this item.  I requested a refund for this $3.70 item and they want me to take a picture of it as well as the mailing label and send it to them so they can best figure a solution to my problem.  Really?  Are you kidding me?  For all that time and trouble, I will probably just throw it away."
This toy only worked for about 1 hour. It needs to be returned.
Waste of money.
"This &#34;Nendoroid&#34; was a complete bootleg. Hair is faded to a yellowish color. I'll keep it but beware of who you're buying from. It doesn't even look like the pictures on the box, no sticker of authenticity. Waste of money."
start leaking air after  second use. Stitches opened and air was getting out. Water connection is flimsy. Pipe does not stays in water guns in front of the unit. My son loved it for the first two times but after all the problems start show up he refused to use it again... Took less then two weeks.
i have the code but when i try to apply it doesnt work.
To small
This place gives out crappy merchandise
Not at all worth for the Price. Its a really tiny plastic train. I can find a better product for the same price at Toysrus.
flimsy.  The bottom of the bed is a cardboard box
"I'm not one to leave reviews, and I really hate doing it now. I really wanted to love the product just as all the 5 star reviews, however as soon as I received mine I took it out of the packaging and the negative battery wire had been torn off.. As most of the other reviews have said, how difficult is it to add a guard or even put in the circuit board backwards?"
These were clumsy at best.  The recipe on the box did not hold up to the giant bubbles and ended up throwing these out.
Too cheap to even assemble
"This was a replacement order for the Estes Proto X because they don't fit the shaft this order was returned for a refund. You can force them on but if you change one prop you have to change them all. Not what I ordered or wanted, any know who sells exact replacement props for the Proto X?"
"This toy is huge, and more like a large dog toy than a child's toy. I didn't pay attention to the sizing when I bought it. My 8 month old grandson couldn't do anything with it."
They are not working .<br />And item was used .
"I bought one of these to wear as a headband to a concert as part of a costume. It came nicely packaged with the battery tab in. I pulled out the battery tab and hit the on button to activate the device and noticed that nothing was happening. No light was coming from the tiny leds. I contacted service which was very understanding and willing to send me another one free of charge. When the replacement arrived, I pulled the battery tab and it appeared that I was having the same problem. I turned off all the lights and looked at the product under a blanket and could see the faintest light coming from 3 of the led lights. I didn't bother contacting support again, but basically this was a waste of money and I didn't end up using it."
"My kid loved the toy, but it took 5 weeks to get to me. Ridiculous. It didn't say anywhere that it would take that long."
real chip
Cute but  really doesn't work as described mouth will open close and stay closed disappointing
This gun is a girly version of the tri strike crossbow which is much BETTER!!!!!!!
"front wheel doesn't stay attached, the handle on the parents side doesn't actually steer (like the joovy trycoo), shade only adjust up and down....very disappointed.  i returned my trycoo because this had a shade, and i will now be returning this and buying an adjustable shade"
Don't work.  Bought for goody bag at party.  Trash.
"Cheap. liker paper covered in cloth. cute as gag gift i guess.  too wide, fall off."
It said 4 unopened vinyls. I thought I was getting 4 and I only got one. Very upset about this
The sheets for each position are in last name alphabetic order not position order. Doesn't help me at all.
Sofia the First Crayola Creativity Case with...<br />Crayola
It
she is supposed to sing but only says 2 words
"Didn't last a day being used in our above ground pool, so no sharp edges around here. Just super disappointed I waited so long to inflate the thing, as the 30 days of being able to return it has passed. Not the best purchase decision."
Junk!
Began to fall apart just after the 90 day warranty was  up and clog filter.
Got rid of the piece of junk quad this landing skid was for.
Wings were deformed. Everything is deformed
Looked like it was bought from a Dollar Store....Very cheap quality...
Great idea but the cap does not fit the camera on my Phantom 3 Professional so I am returning it.
This drum set is not worth your money I bought it for my two-year-son and didn't even last him two months.  I definitely do not recommend this.
It was missing parts. talk about disappointment for the kid putting it together!
"This item was described as new but when I received the item, there were scratch marks all over the box. The product obviously did not look new and the box containing the action figure was heavily damaged. This is false advertising and I am unsatisfied with my product that I was supposed to give as a gift. The Goku figure itself did not look damaged but the item was not new as stated."
Product did not work when my son tried to use it. It was a Christmas present. My fault I didn't send it back. :-(
"I bought this for my 4 year old nephew. In less than a week, almost every single piece of it was broken. It is now held together with gorilla glue and duct tape. :-( Great concept, but not nearly durable enough for actual usage."
Pinkie Pie was the first doll I ordered for my niece and when the package arrived it was all beat up and looked like something was missing but I had never seen the package before so I went ahead and gave it to my niece. I then ordered another doll and the product came with a small story and an accessory. Very disappointed with this purchase.
"This was delivered on time, packaging was great. My 7 year old loves Transformers and plays with them all the time. He was so excited to get this one and after playing with it for 10 minutes the arm broke off and a little piece chipped off and now were not able to get it back on. Money wasted and a very unhappy kid."
"Although I received this item in a timely fashion, it was a cheaply made boat that neither  floated nor functioned.  I bought 3 of these.  A terrible disappointment.  I would like a refund and hope it will be sent soon.  Giving this item a 1 star is way too generous."
This is a bad car because it dose not work in the sunlight. And it also goes super slow. The Antena on the remote control bends so it is hard to point it at the car. This is a 0 star car.
missing pieces
Very poorly made!  The turtle's neck snapped while I was trying to put my keys on the key ring which was about 30 seconds after I opened the package.  I wouldn't suggest buying this product.
This is a scam! The picture shows 4 quadrotors but when arrived there was only one.
Was only about 4 Inches long.. not accurate description!
Thought we would love this but it's made pretty poorly. My son can't control pedals when someone is pushing. Also it is topheavy. Easy to tip over. Would return but bought a while ago and past return date.
Stopped working after 2weeks...👎🏽
MINECRAFT
Product was in time but damaged. There was glue on wheels and screws where it looked like it was repaired.
Was very unsatisfied with the balloons they would pop off or pop before they had enough water in them.
"this thing is so difficult to put together, the pieces were not fitting properly and when we put a little more force in to get them to click they broke. Piece of junk. I just lost 65 bucks."
missing piece
Rotted right off our arms
I returned the item. It definitely was not of the quality I had expected. It was much smaller and very flimsy. The bender did refund my money with no problems.
"Poor quality and they take weeks to get here from China. The description states it's a floor puzzle..it's only a few inches across. Well, I guess you could &#34;throw&#34; it on the floor..pieces are too small for younger children. I threw the ones I got in the garbage..What a waste"
"TOTAL SCAM, CON, RIP OFF. Typical order is for 100 balloons at this price. I miss read the description and lucky me I got 10 balloons for $1 each. Buyer BEWARE!!!"
"Very dissappointed, its not what I expected it to be. I should have read the reviews before buyingit. There is no box & just wrapped with bubble pack & pieces in the ziploc. I was excited to get it for my children to surpsurprised them but I was the one got surprised. Its not worth for the priced I paid."
good for a child
Very small not worth the $28 I spent on this.
"Our toddler kept watching videos about orbeez online, so we decided to get some and try them out.  We put them in a kiddie pool and they barely grew.  Some grew slightly, but nowhere near the 100-300 times as indicated on the packaging.  They were in the kiddie pool for three days & you can see the attached picture of how they looked.<br /><br />On day two I took a handful out and used tap water that has a filter on it and left it overnight and the 2nd picture shows they still did not grow there.<br /><br />Very disappointed."
Only works if you have the exact length available to your swing set and the set will not stay together unless mounted. Will have to buy a separate piece of wood in order to mount
Too heavy and games are super expensive. Not worth your money.
Didn't seem to work at all.
"Waste of money. Our Zhu Zhu pet would never move (which was the whole point for our crawling toddler), it only makes the sound when you push the button. No hair or string wrapped around wheels."
I'm sorry!  I was very upset when I open  the bag it was open =(<br />Great prizes for kids
I didn't expect this to be so small. It's definitely not worth the price. Very cheap looking. I'm very disappointed!
Its nice but small
"Quite simply, the suction cups did not stick to our wall for more than five minutes. I would expect this from a two-dollar version of this product, not the 14-dollar version. I was very disappointed with this item."
"Tiny, chintzy, cheaply made plastic toy that would drive you bonkers if you had the collection because you'd have pieces everywhere.  The legs on the doll dangle, but that's pretty much the extent of it.  When I first gave this  5-year old Livi, she was excited.  About two minutes after the plastic was off, she was bored.  Her 6-year old cousin came over and fiddled with it a little, then dropped it, too.  It looks like something you'd get from a McDonalds kids' meal. It took no time at all for Livi to scatter the little pieces.  Lost the thumb-nail sized purple elephant in about 5 minutes. Then I had the idea of putting it in a little make up bag for when riding in a car. Well then she lost some piece within 2 minutes and I wouldn't let her take her seatbelt off to look for it until we arrived at our destination. Even then, she lost interest very quickly with it. This isn't something anyone should spend over 50 cents on. When I threw the package away, I then noticed it was from China. Yuk, so now mom doesn't like it either."
"I wish I would have read the reviews on this before purchasing. It is so cheaply made it's not even funny. The back doors don't latch, so when you pull it, the bed comes flying out. The handle to pull is always popping out of it's socket. The hinges on the fold out bed part are constantly coming undone. Great concept, just very poorly executed."
Very cheaply made. Some dots are off
"Cheap, plastic dinosaur that will give you endless problems. The dinosaur's walking is very temperamental- you have to have exactly the right surface otherwise he moonwalks in place, roaring constantly. Wouldn't suggest it for a 5 year old boy, it wasn't long before he plucked the eyes out and tore the arms off. The tail broke on its own accord revealing eggshell thin plastic with lead weights- I think this was an attempt to give the toy some heft and the illusion of build quality."
The window keeps coming off. And the little fish that comes with this and some of the other octonaut toys is severe choking hazard and needs to be removed from the market. I always throw them right away.
"The shipping was the best part about it. Even though it did take over a month, it was in the time it said it would get here. It is very flimsy plastic, the 'side' pieces fall out. I tried to tighten the screw(Yeah it only had one screw), and the screw got torn up."
"I would never recommend this product for kids.  My son was holding the stuff and it got into contact with his shirt, I had to throw out his shirt because it would not come off, sticks to EVERYTHING it comes into contact with and for what they charge $10 for a little thing of it with plastic arms and eyes and legs, definitely not worth it, buy it if you want a headache trying to get it off of everything.  It is similar to silly putty (texture), but MUCH stickier, at least silly putty doesn't get stuck on everything, this does!"
rubbish...broke it while installing.
It burst on the first night it arrived.
"Ship looks great but takes in a lot of water, top heavy, and fully charged battery dies not last that long. Would not purchase another"
Waste of money. Can't put the film in the camera because of the way it's designed. It'll probable break if I force it in there. It's all really flimsy. Terrible product! Don't waste your money.
"I found steering very hard to control ,, Replaced with the traditional Radio Flyer 100% improvement ,,"
Order specifically says 12 pack and we received 1 flag.  VERY DISAPPOINTED.  Bought these to pass out for the kids that ride in our race car on kids night and now not enough!
Got mine broken with no charger.
Poorly made and broke immediately!!!
i ordered both the 0-9 and the 9-18mo and this thing is HUGE. I can't understand how a baby aged 5 months is supposed to fit into this?
The remote stopped working on day one
It was very flimsy and when I tried to change its shape it bent.
Adorable.
"Don't waste your money !!!!  It's from China so it's took so long to get it  and looks very  cheap. In addition, it's too smaller than I expected. It's  just 4 inch in diameter."
I bought this for my hubsan x4 and it really doesn't fit at all.
Bought for son's birthday party where I wanted an activity for the kids to decorate and then race their cars. Fail. Barely big enough to put stickers on. Some broke immediately. Good thing kids that age didn't care and had fun anyway. Tilt the plywood track enough and they just slide down. Lol.
"This game is so difficult to play, I was excited at first since I saw many game reviews on this on Youtube, just played 2 times and now collecting dust"
"We were shorted a crayon in the set. I would return it, but the birthday girl wants to keep it."
"What a rip off. Advertized original list price of $55 (in what imaginary land?), and now for $15.95, so I thought it was a bargain, but I was fooled. The box is tiny and feather weight, like a midget boxer, only 79 measly pieces. It sold for $11.95 on elsewhere with free shipping. Too much hassle to return it. Definitely be warned that this is a tiny box and can be completed in under 10 minutes flat with time to spare. Notice how the picture shown does not display the back (or front, depending which way you are viewing it) of the box which tells you how many pieces of Lego there are in the box? that should have been a tip off for me, but it was a late night bleary-eyed purchase, never again. Do your price comparison and get the real bargain."
I received the item and it was not the same as shown on the picture. I am disappointed going to return I already have that item that I received today from them. I don't need two of them.
No.  It does not hold air.  Not able to use it.  Very disappointed in the product.  No hole for the child to sit in.  Can I return it?
"Installed these on my x5c-1, but it would not fly.  They spin, but does not float up.  Returning....bummed"
"Bought these for my 22 month old daughter, and although the small size isn't an issue for her as she doesn't put things in her mouth, she quickly got frustrated at the difficulty in building anything with them, and I have to admit I did too. If you look closely at the picture you can see the blocks are all peculiar shapes with sloping edges. Looks great if you arrange them exactly as shown in the illustration, but it's extremely difficult to create anything else (I struggled and lost patience with them quickly too) so as an imagination-inspiring toy I have to say they're pretty useless. Shame, as the bright colours are lovely."
"Not good quality, used it once and it started dripping metal carozion onto the pool. The plastic used to make this item is not strong enough for what it's intended to be used in &#34;WATER&#34;. Water gets into the battery area from all area. Used once and either we get our money back or it goes in the trash!!"
"Received one as gift and was only good for one use. Player will not hold charge.  After &#34;charging&#34; and turning on player, player automatically shuts off. Piece of junk.  Spend the extra few bucks and look elsewhere. Glad I was able to get one use out of it."
"Do not buy,waste of money. the pins that hold the swivels together come right out ."
"I received a used Dayan Zhanchi in the Moyu box  instead of the Hualong. The center cap had a Moyu sticker on it, however, it was marked with clearly with the Dayan logo underneath. I am dissatisfied with this purchase and immediately returning the cube. 1 out of 5 stars"
"This is the second time i have ordered a DeathClaw figure through Amazon and received a different figure.<br /><br />I am thoroughly disappointed to have wasted my money, yet again, on a figure I did not want.<br /><br />For the record the item I received this time was the Lone Wanderer (Female)."
"Do not waste your money on this.  Here is my story.  Bike arrived, front cable kept twisting around front bolt, had to be replaced.  Took over a month to get the parts and have it repaired.  I did not have to pay for repair.  Next, the bike stopped working when I was about 2 miles from home and I had to literally walk it home.  The problem with with the ignition.  Customer support said it was from &#34;abuse&#34;.  It was repaired, cost me $175.00.  There's more.  The spoke covers became loose and punctured the tire.  $149.00 to have someone change the tire.  The next day, I took it out and did not even get out of my driveway, because the cable on the changed tire twisted around the bolt (just like the original problem).  I am looking for an alternative and I am sick that I spent so much money on it to begin with, but I can't continue to throw money at it."
Leaked air and went flat the first day. Cheaply made and I strongly recommend against purchasing. Won't last.
"This gun would not fire. It only set off maybe one out of ten caps. We tried two different kinds of roll caps, but it was the same result. I was so sad. What a waste of money."
Garbage not not work
"DONT BUY! you can get a tech deck for a timy bit more than the price of this...te trucks are plastic, the graphics say sample text on them. I made the mistake of buying these(from another seller) if yoyre looking to buy for like a 3 year old then i guess thats okay but if you want to get something that isnt just a cheap dollar store toy then get a tech deck or a real wooden fingerboard(whoch isnt that much either, depends on what you buy)<br />Im pretty dissapointed in the quality of these..... Never biying again, do not reccomend."
Do not buy
It tore on the very first use.
Broke just trying to put it together. Bummer because I thought my daughter would have loved it.
Breaks during assembly.  Junk
My mom flushed it down the toilet.
Sent item back
"I have only had these batteries for a couple of weeks and one of them has already died.  It puffed up and looked like it might explode.  The little charger is not much better.  Even when it's plugged in and there are no batteries connected, some of the indicator lights are randomly lit.  Not real happy with this purchase....<br />Well, I had ANOTHER battery puff up today. That means half of what I ordered have been defective. These things are JUNK!"
Very difficult to use!
"The time simply does not work, I thought I was doing something wrong, read the instructions, watch the videos, no, it simply does not work. It should be a very simple timer, don't waste your money."
1 star because of the price.  TERRIBLE quality!  Stitching was falling apart during the first wear. Don't think about ordering this!!!!
I hate this puzzle so much it explodes all the time even after hundreds of solves and tensioning and the pieces snapped and it is permanently broken. Speedcubers should get the wittwo
The one on the picture and the actual item looks completely different... Found out later that the one I received is the 9inch model selling for $14.95 at disney store...
"Heads are constantly falling off.  They were kind enough to send me another one , however the same thing occurred.  Had to throw away since the small heads falling off were a hazard."
We got this for my sons 2nd birthday and he loved it. The train was really cool for a week. Then it stopped working when you pushed the button on the remote. I changed the batteries in the remote and train. It still will only work once in a while and once you take your gunfire off the button you can't get it to work the next time you push it. Very disappointed in this toy and do is my son.
Top came off first time  my grandson played with it.. so kinda dissatisfied
Very cheaply made! Where the metal and the cloth meet it ripped! It basically started to fall apart after three days of use and way to expensive for the quality! It's a waste!
It is terrible
These break super easy.  Don't buy them!
Not what I expected it to be for the price it was.
"Very disappointed when I received this item. The skirts were clearly for kids 4 and under.  Very small! My 8 yr. old daughter, who is very thin could not fit this item."
Completely popped open at the seam after being filled for only 5 minutes. Super bummed. Was suppose to be for my daughters first birthday.
These are way too small
Missing a part & found it a lot cheaper at Wal-Mart.
I dont own this.
Fell apart quickly.
Not what I expected
Mine came with UPC code stickers over the front and he play scene on the back. My daughter likes looking at the cover. and the bottom was all torn.
Its very fine chipped rubber peaces the wind blows it every where and my 6 year old got a peace in his eye. Thrown it all away literally used my shop vac to finish cleaning it out of the play yard
Is not a good choice for any person that weighs more than 100 pounds. Was not worth the price paid. I did get this order in a timely manner but that was the only thing good about this purchase.
This boat never  ran or floated.  Please send a refund. One star is much too generous.
"Be aware The Potato BODY is NOT included, all the parts are great and really nice, but if you don't have the BODY they are useless, therefore I think this &#34;detail&#34; should have been highlighted on the description."
This is an altogether s***ty product it was missing pieces and the instructions
No adhesive and they didn't glow in the dark.
"I love this idea of this but unfortunately BOTH of the Leapreaders that I ordered broke after the first use.  The first one I thought maybe it was because the kids played with it more than used it on books but the second one I bought, I made sure to keep it safe so that my son and I could use it to read.  But, I've had no luck with it since the first time we used it.  I can't get it to turn on.  I've charged it multiple times and I hear it making noises on the charger but after I take it off, it still doesn't turn on.  So sad this device has not worked for us!  :-("
way to slow
"Originally listed as 16&#34;, so needed a large one and ordered a large Wild Republic but it is greenish-brown----however this one looked nice, appeared to be made well and is 9&#34; tall"
"The slide does not stay attached, at all. It has tabs as though it should click into place, but it doesn't. My daughter pulls it off in a second. The frog launch pad is a favorite, but after two months of light use, the plastic is now worn and cracking. I store the whole thing inside when we aren't using it, so it shouldn't be aging this badly. It's cute, but it certainly won't last us more than just this one summer."
Not even 5 blew up with each batch!
"You have to cut them out.  You've got to be kidding me.  I would've read the reviews indicating such, but my daughter ordered them.  That being said, if they were inexpensive and I had to cut them out, I would understand.  But for $6?!?!? And I have to cut them out?  Ridiculous!!"
$400  Really??
I was very disappointed with this product.  It did not come with stencils as stated.  The pages that were supposed to be stencils were full pages of plastic with no stencil cut-outs.  The item was a gift so it can not be returned.  I would not purchase again.
"Plain and simple these do not work.  I followed the instructions and filled them in a tub of water, but immediately after they popped off all the water leaked out of them.  They were a total bust.  Don't waste your money"
Just ordered this to replace one similar that my mom had from the 80s. It has a whole in it upon delivery. We blew it up and it stayed inflated for no longer than 20 minutes.
"Mayfair games should just give it up!  They continue to provide poorly designed and poor quality Catan products.  I wish a company like Fantasy Flight Games or Z-Man games would get the rights to Catan.  This &#34;traveller&#34; edition is a big step backward from the prior edition.  The &#34;variable&#34; board setup is really just six large sections that you fit together like a jigsaw puzzle.  Although the sections are reversible, the numbers printed on the hexes are NOT variable.  There is also no practical way to store these pieces.  The instructions tell you to just stack them on one side of the folding case and then close.  This is easier said than done, but the real problem is that the &#34;hinge&#34; for the case is just some cheap clear plastic strips.  Even if I had confidence that these strips would not break (which I don't), the game pieces protrude through the gaps exposing their edges to potential damage.  In other words, the only way to protect your game from damage or dust is to transport it in the box.  I can package a regular Catan game in a ziploc and take up less room than this monstrosity.  I can't believe I sold my older version to wait for this one.  Catan is a great game, but I would stay away from this version."
not what I wanted for the family
"Flat, barely fuzzy circle on 3 inches of elastic. Nothing like a wearable bunny tail."
The plush is a lot small that I thought it would considering its price. It's about the size of a teenage girls hand. I was very disappointed. I feel in the title of the product it should say mini.
I knew it was expensive..but my little one wanted it so I bought it..The bad thing is that next day paint was coming off..2nd day all paint was gone...<br />so she got left only a piece of rubber.
Don't waste money on...
"This doll that is intended for young girls age 5+ has more make up on than most working women wear, is wearing a mini skirt, and the extra belt provided with the outfit is a skull. What kind of message is being sent to 5 year olds about the way they need to look and act? This doll has a look that is sensual, certainly not something I would want my young girl to play with."
"Looks good, but worthless otherwise. Sand will not come out of funnel until it is way too wet...then it will pour out like water. Good luck making a dribble castle with this. Kids threw this to the side instantly and played with better toys"
"We originally ordered this from here and it didn't work at all when we received it. We ordered another of the same bus from another place, it worked great for a day and a half, then was already on it's last leg (even after battery replacement...it's not a battery issue for sure). My son loved it for that one day, now it struggles to go straight and won't move at all if you try to turn it and he's very sad. Definitely a waste of money."
Came broken
Baby doesn't sit up right in this.  Don't worry about cuteness when buying a pool float. Buy one that functions properly and with a canopy!
lame
The fish get waterlogged after the first swim
"These were terrible! Not even a third of them actually stayed filled once they dropped. I tried reattaching them but that was extremely difficult and they still didn't work. Those that did stay filled would not pop. We threw them very hard at concrete and they still bounced back, not popping. They were definitely not popping on the kids during the water balloon fight we bought them for."
Instructions and product were crap
"Spent an hour trying to program it, functionality doesn't match instructions.<br /><br />When you get to the LVC menu, you push a button and listen to beeps. The number of beeps, ranging from one to six, sets the LVC. This is the same pattern for all settings. No matter what setting, the speed control only returns 1 to 4 beeps. I thought, &#34;oh, well, this is cheap&#34;.<br /><br />Then I took it out, and on the first run it overheated and burnt down my car. See photo<br /><br />Helion Dominus with stock brushless motor, lipo"
Star wars sucks
Cheap!!!! First of all it was dirty looks like it had been used.also the speaker was broke or something because it made no noise.and the cord is really little my son couldn't even put it on his ear.
"I got this as a Christmas gift for my daughter and it never worked. It sat for a month I tried again going through the step by step instructions..nothing. Months later I had my mom, who has a sewing machine, to try to see if it'll work for her and nothing... its now August, four more months and its Christmas again. I brought fabrics and other accessories and she has yet to use any of it. :("
Waste!! I followed the instructions. Heck my water was slightly on the warm side in which the directions said &#34;if water is too warm it will not set&#34;. This stuff set so fast! We couldn't get out handprints in it and it was so lumpy since we were suppose to &#34;add a little at a time&#34; while mixing.
"This chess set is a very bad idea.  The Battle of Gettysburg's sesquicentennial was in July, 2013; consequently many Civil War Chess sets were renamed for the Battle of Gettysburg.  How can I be so sure, simple.  The Union bishops look like General U. S. Grant.  Unfortunately for anyone who buys or sells these sets, Grant was nowhere near Gettysburg.  He was mopping up his greatest victory to date at Vicksburg which resulted in his promotion to Commander of the Union Army of the Potomac.  The actual Union Commander at Gettysburg was George Gordon Meade, a.k.a. Old Snapping Turtle.  None of the pieces look like him.  The Union King does not even look like President Lincoln.  Grant still had black hair in 1863, Lee did not.  However, the artists switched the colors.  The queens do not bear any resemblance to their Historical personages, Mary Todd Lincoln or Mary Custis Lee. The knights should have been easy because their personages were distinctive.  The Union cavalry commander was John Buford Jr., who only had a moustache, not usual full beard, and the CSA cavalry commander was J.E.B. Stuart, who's trademark long thick black beard was easily recognizable.  The mark was missed by miles.  In the final analysis, the makers of these sets took stock figures, faked it, and hoped that the purchasers would be too stupid to know the difference.  After all, anyone who knows anything about chess KNOWS that the whole concept of Historical Chess Sets is simply ludicrous.  The only people who spend hundreds of dollars on a chess sets are purchasing them for serious players, and serious players use the Staunton Design that was set down in the nineteenth century."
doesn't work very good
"Very disappointed with this sand table. With any rain, water pours into this. Even with a tarp on top, water still gets in. Sand is well past &#34;moist&#34; and water fills the remainder of the space in the table. I had hoped somehow ours was defective, but after reading other reviews, I think there is some serious flaws with the design. I can't imagine this wasn't tested and discovered when manufacturing this product. Sounds like a very common problem with it."
"Would not fly well for an adult, let alone a child.  Could not make it turn in even a large 3 car garage."
"Jams every 3rd or 4th dart, doesn't work well. Really disappointed with it"
"To much money for what you get, take my advise research the internet for various brands of rc helicopters, you will find something much better in quality and price for what this piece of junk sell for."
"The worst!<br /><br />I would like to cancel this order as soon as possible, I tried earlier but nothing happened."
I was missing a pair of pants. I only received the white pair.
not worth the money.  expected more for the price. disappointed
dad loved it!!
This was so disappointing. Way too big for my 3 year old. The band on the tutu does not stretch so you have to be that exact size. Horrible and not what was described. DO NOT buy this.
"They look nice, but the level of cushion in them both is different. They are not great quality"
"We bought one of these, turned the water on, and he was awesome! For the 2 seconds he worked. Then heard a &#34;Pop&#34; and no more water coming out. Exchanged it for a new one. A few of the arms worked for a few seconds, and then this did the same thing. Worthless."
does not work properly. does not do what the box said it was to do
This is Violet (the daughter) and Dash (the eldest son). It is not Mrs. Incredible. Also the picture as displayed changes once the link from the Amazon search page is clicked and you arrive at the product page.
"The sleeves are nice, but I was supposed to get 2 packs of 100 protectors each; however, it came with 2 packs of 50 protectors. Instead of getting 200 protectors, I only got 100"
The product came broken at the leg and at the horn. Small for the price at that to have came broken at 2 places. Daughter very disappointed. Glued best as could had no choice due to time. Don't see how could have broken during delivery because its a piñata not glass.
This had holes in it and deflated almost immediately. It was worthless. I received two refunds for two different fish that both failed within minutes of arrival.
This item was awful! I bought two for my sons and they wouldn't hold air. Neither got to ride them. Don't waste your money!
"As soon as we blew this raft up at the Laughlin regatta its seam opened and busted!!!!! Such a disappointment we had to scramble and buy another one on site , of course I couldn't lug this piece of crap around with me to return it! Total rip off"
Not worth the money.  :(
Not what I expected. Dissapointed
I expected this to actually have a blanket in this... it's just an empty box...
"Nickelodeon gak, more like nickaloderon fart<br />haha"
Design is good. Air is going away in 10 min.
"Ball lit up great...for all of 2 minutes.  Kicking it (youth team) got the ball to stop working.  Took the batteries out and had to jam a metal piece in between to conduct electricity better.  Even then, the ball would work every dozen kicks or so.  Very disappointed and ruined what would have been a fun time for the team."
"Disappointed. Got the cube, but the wrong one. We got YJ GuanLong instead of the MoYu AoLong that we ordered."
not what I expected
This would be a great and amazing product if it was higher quality it leaked on day 2.
This gun got bullet jam when my son start to play it. bad quality.
"If I could give zero stars, I would.  All that arrived was one, cheap, small, flimsy mesh bag.  No toys.  No beach ball.  Not at all as advertised or as described.  I called Amazon immediately and they refunded me the money.  Don't even waste your time with this."
OK
Worked a total of 2 months and died.
"I opened up my mini  RC Quadcopter to find it scratched up and one of the wires pulled off and there were battery's inside the remote this tells me someone was flying this crashed it threw back in the box then sent it out!! Now I have to go though all this nonsense of returning the item back and it's not fun, not a happy person!"
Item not as described!  No cups included
I was very disapointed in that product.
"While the product is just fine, there where 97 sleeves in there, you can then say, who cares about those 3 missing sleeves. Well, if you just bought a MTG commander deck (100 cards exactly) this really sucks. After sleeving 97 cards, I eater have to remove all sleeves and return it, or buy another pack of sleeves..... this sucks!!!"
Product arrived defective.
"All of the ESCs caught on fire as soon as I tested it on Openpilot and ruined the PDB. Luckily those were the cheapest parts to replace, but now I have to wait a month for the PDB to get here from China. If you're going to order this, expect to buy better ESCs before putting it together. I was able to fix the PDB by soldering a piece of wire around where the trace burned out."
It is very cheap and ours arrived broken. Very annoying.
"Center of mass is too low on this if the toddler/baby has a large, heavy head.  If your kid moves laterally in either direction, the tube will flip over and their head will go under water.  DO NOT BUY"
"Piece of s***. Requires a lot of assembly.  Save yourself the hazzle and buy a better one. Also, too f short for my 2 year old."
Deflated need 2 buy batteries
Broken within an hour..waste of money. Would never recommended to anyone.
"The product we received is not as pictured. We ordered cute insect temp tattoos based on the pic. They were supposed to be cute and cartoony. I got dull, realistic tattoos that were not appropriate for my 2 year olds birthday party and were not what was pictured and ordered."
Doesn't even work...all I hear is a buzz
"I ignored the bad reviews because there were so many good ones.  But unfortunately the bad reviews were correct our our case.  Day 1 - wore it for a couple hours only, if that, sleeve already separating from the bodice and because it's chiffon I'm not sure it can be mended.  Day 2 - the Anna sticker is peeling off the star brooch in the front."
"I ordered this thinking it was a useful backpack. It is a toy with backpack straps and a 2 inch zipper in the back that has no space inside to place anything. Cute, but not functional."
These are terrible!  I needed them to fill with air not water and they popped in my face with the the first blow.
Paper material could have brought these same mats from dollar tree for $1
These are counterfeits. I was unaware that people made counterfeit Shopkins until today!
Remote did not work
It wouldnt work when i got it
was full of holes when I tried to air it up the first time.
Bought this as a fidget for my 4.5 year old and it broke with in a few weeks
iphone has only Chinese I need music in English music
it broke
Made out of glass
Don't buy!!  It takes forever to get them to lift off after lighting.  We had several that caught fire. Very poor product.  Would not recommend.
Junk.  Sent back for a refund.  Arrived with the fur and soles coming off.  The white fur was glued on with disgusting brown glue which was not holding anything on and actually coming through.  Don't waste your money on this junk item.
"Very small. Glitter is too big. It doesn't move around well, just stays stuck or moves very slowly thus defeating the purpose. Found them cheaper (by half!) at a retail store. DON'T waste your money on these novel items!!! You can get an Equestria Girl doll for the same price!"
It's too small!!! I need it for school.
HORRIBLE! I am in shock. These ducks look scary. They all have horrible paint jobs. The eyes/eyelashes are so creepy. There is paint splatered on some ducks. One looks like it faded/melted... Probably returning due to poor quality. These were intended for a baby shower. I purposely ordered these because I thought they weren't the creepy/ugly/poor quality rubber ducks other sellers were selling. I am so disappointed.
Flimsy and fake toy from China. Not happy with purchase at all! Buyers beware!
"The wires came separated from the motors and had weak broken solder, as well as one broken wire harness clip. Not too impressed, and I would like to be compensated before I would increase the rating for this company."
Why would you market a &#34;sexy&#34; bracelet to little girls? Disgusting.
"Doesn't work.  Bought 3, not 1 wprked.  Gifts.  Embarrassing to give gifts that don't work."
Not impressed. Poor quality.
This is VERY small. It's something that you might buy in a dollar store. Very displeased with the brain.
Do not buy this product - the fabric started to fray and rip around seams after 3 MONTHS!  It's very cheap.
Doesn't respond to the flight controls.  I wouldn't buy from this company again.  I am going to attempt to return it.  Directions are in stilted English and are difficult to understand.
This one flew as it should but after the 3rd time flying it I turned it off and the on off switch fell out so now it's useless
Bought three months ago and my son LOVED it.  But now it's broken - the entire front axle fell off...
Knockoff product NOT original LEGO....FAKE FRAUD....
Parts we're missing. The mirrors were not with the car. Very disappointing when it was for my granddaughter for her birthday. Not happy at all.
"So cheep, it looks nothing like this. It doesn't cover the neck, it straps on and doesn't even cover my nose entirely, it is uncomfortable and it is vary itchy"
looking at the item on its page I thought I was buying a box full of tiny cheaply made bobble heads. I missed where it said &#34;includes one mini figure&#34;. that makestake was mine but if it says &#34;includes&#34; I was definitely looking for something more. of course it would &#34;includes&#34; a bobble head! had it said &#34;contains&#34; so I wasn't looking for more than one cheaply made bobble head I wouldn't be so disappointed. I paid basically $10 INCLUDES shipping for one cheaply made bobble head. I am not happy with this purchase and its not worth the aggravation to return it either. the way this item was portrayed on the paged is definatley misleading and I would not recommend this to anyone.
"I bought all three helicopters.  On the third flight with the yellow one it flew into the side of a coffee table and fell to the floor, about a foot or less drop.  I noticed the light was out and nothing worked.  I took the plastic cockpit off and found a wire from the battery to the esc had broken loose at the esc.  I have no way of knowing which connection the wire went to and couldn't repair it even if I did. I feel it was a poor solder joint as the crash wasn't that hard.  The red and blue helis are working great even after a few crashes, a couple of which were more severe than with the yellow one."
"Broke less than 8 hours after my 4 year old received this.  It's very cute, but very cheap."
"This thing is wretched. It's ridiculously loud and annoying. It terrifies my son, and he loves all his other mechanical books and singing toys, but not this one.<br /><br />It's poorly programmed. The first word it prompted him to spell was dolphin. Really? And it just keeps prompting you to spell what it wants until you shut it off or spell it. I'm about to throw it in the trash, I don't want to even donate it and curse someone else with it. It's poorly made, poorly programmed, way too loud even on the quietest setting, and the voice is creepy and weird. We all hate this one."
"Very difficult to put together, nothing is labeled. A consumer must take it apart to build another house. Would never buy again."
In my time I have been forced to play some truly terrible children's games. Some have rules that make no sense or are cheaply made or are just not fun at all. This game has the distinction of basically being all three at once. Go buy some modeling clay and a deck of cards. Your kids will have more fun and so will you.
"My daughter wanted these for favors for her brother's race car bday party. She was so disappointed. They were a mess - smeared paint, missing paint, peeling plastic.  I wasn't expecting them to be great but the fact that they were all smeared with black paint made the cute race car designs pointless. I returned them."
Received item tarnished. Too shurt of notice from time received to get an exchange since it was for her 21st birthday.  Had to use a party store glitter tiara  due to the issue.
"I only received 1, unlike what is pictured or stated as &#34;tub&#34;"
"Product description was misleading. If I had read  closely to the details, would have seen only one mini figure was being sent. Will be returning product if it doesn't cost me more to return it."
"Very unhappy with the product.<br />It is clearly a Chinese knockoff, misrepresented as a real Marvel figure.<br />The paint job is horrible. (Eyes and lines don't match up) pieces coming off. (Sole of foot is peeling away)<br />Just horribly misleading sale post."
Trash..too fragile to assemble.
Cheaply made.  Drawers don't ope n and close easily.  Had to sandpaper one drawer to get it to work.<br />NOT worth the price.
very poor quality.. inside fabric was coming apart when i opened packet..half of them don't fit on fingers both me and my toddler's.. Don't waste ur money..
"It pops so much, it's barely usable. Don't waste your money with this, go buy a Cyclone Boys 3x3.<br /><br />But seriously, DON'T BUY THIS"
The item in the picture is not what I received. The castanets are NOT wooden. They are made of cheep plastic and they are already falling apart :(.
sizes are off and if it states two pair it should be two pair.
"I thought wearing this costume would boil an entire culture down to a racist stereotype. And I was right: Turns out, I was representing the culture in a super inaccurate and unflattering way!"
Too heavy and games at every expensive.
Not a good purchase loses air comes apart..cheap material. How do I return it
This item did not meet our expectations at all. Granted we are novice modelers but it was cheaply made and did not look like the photo. Also in the product description it should warn you Glue required
Horrible waste of money
"Got the chair, opened it and it was broken. Absolutely would not recommend buying this."
Sucks.. doesnt fit mtg cards
scruffy dog. cheaply made
Total Junk.  Wouldn't pay a dollar for it.
"Mine would not fly correctly. There were no instructions with or in the package or in the seller description. I came to find out there is a metal ball bearing under the canopy with different positions to place the bearing for different flight results. I had to find this out on youtube, so in taking off the canopy it would not come off without distorting the canopy and rubbing off some of the black paint. Mine had glue in the seam toward the canopy which is why it was so difficult. I haven't taken it out after being able to move the canopy and change weight distributions and perhaps it will fly well. The reason for my poor review is because this product is sold without instructions and also due to the canopy being such a huge pain in the neck. I'm an adult and I have no idea how a kid would be able to use this item without some major help."
Don't let your kids try to climb on top of it. Not for kids under 4.
You would expect them to stay filled in time to at least have balloon war but unless you act immediately you will only see a few left filled.  Very disappointing.  The new game is RUSH to throw before they are gone.  In 3 minutes and you will have empty balloons.
I got the hand vacuum so georgous and way prettier then the actual picture but many parts were missing the main home charger part and other pieces it came charged so I decided to try it I turned it on does not pick anything up then a minute later it's dead littrally a minute
We drove it once and water flood into the battery compartment.
Crappy. Not original.
i like a replacement  the volume dose work..
"Bought for my grandchildren ages 3 and 6.  Product did not stand up to my expectations,  purchased from another seller.  I would be cautious at this price, I paid $369.00"
"Cheap thin plastic. I would expect to find this in a dollar bargain bin and not for the $10.00 i paid. I'm not asking for the moon, but the tools bend too easily in the sand box."
The flowers do not stay on well and half of them had fallen off by the time we were ready to use them.  Waist of money imo.
Forward/Reverse does not work. Returning for a refund.
"I bought 2 of these , one worked for about 5 minutes then quit never worked again , the 2nd works as it should so far. It is very<br />fast but little throttle control if any and steering the same."
Ordered this and had it sent as a gift.  The lights didn't work.  Very disappointed. Seller doesn't deserve one star but had to choose one star because my review will not be accepted.
Seeds never sprouted.
"Poor quality.  I will not recommend. The windowed numbers continue to slide out, we had to stop the game.  Everyone was disappointed 53 passenger bus ride and NO bingo!"
These cars do not change colours. My son was very disappointed.
$648 SIXHUNDRETDORTYEIGHT dollars? Are you high?
This toy broke within two weeks.  My son isn't even harsh with toys! Two of the buttons jammed and could not be fixed. Very disappointed in the quality. Would not recommend.
"Be cautious about buying these if you are looking for the rainbow colors as shown in the image. The product description shows &#34;colors varied&#34;, however I received a full set of red/white striped balls ONLY. Not one rainbow striped ball!"
Would definitely give this a five star but it's missing handles and oven glass is cracked and there is no way to figure out how to get some and replace break??? Otherwise it's an adorable product!
"Not impressed.  I wanted to like this item because it was a good size to display at my desk but the paint job on the item was pitiful.  The brown paint from the pants on anger bled heavily into the white of the shirt.  Also, would have much preferred being able to choose the figurine I wanted but really if the figurine looks like I painted it not really worth it anyway."
"Honestly, false advertising here!  This thing is the size of a gnat and will not stay in an upright position thus making it useless to play with.  It is a ring toss game for heaven's sake which requires it to stay setting straight up in the water.  This poor thing list to port like a drunken sailor after  3 day leave.  Absolutely useless!  Do not waste your money!"
Box fell apart when it arrived. Bobble head was loose and tilted. Almost as if it was used.
These stickers have Christian sayings on hundreds of sheets. I cannot use these in a public school which is why I bought them. It is not advertised that way. The stickers are NOT what is in the picture. Disappointed with this product.
Regret buying this set. Way to cheap. These came with a pink color. Not satisfied at all. I chucked the whole set after I saw these. Don't buy.
Lots of copies and foreign cards.  The says 800 on it but I was supposed to get 1000 cards.
"I bought this replacement engine for an older truck after it's engine went and it seemed like a great deal.  I followed all instructions while setting it up and ended up severely disappointed.<br /><br />After installing it in the truck, the pull starter broke before getting the engine to start for the first time. I ordered a replacement spinstart to fix it, which also broke from how much the engine stalled during break in. I put a third starter in, and once I tried to start it, the one way bearing cracked and broke imeediately.<br /><br />I was barely able to break this engine in and never even gotten to the point where I could drive it around the block. I've completely given up and regret getting this."
"Very cute, great idea but broke the same day we got it. The way it's made it will not stand up on its own that good and If u plan on moving it from room to room it will not last at all. Microphone was the first thing to break, it played at a decent volume but the place to hold your device will only fit small cell phones or iPods, tablets definitely will not fit. I bought this for a 2 year old."
"I bought three of these,  one at a time, from Amazon.  Every one of  them was broken and I had to return them.  Finally ordered from<br />Walmart online, and it was perfect.  A fun game......"
The balloons didn't bust. There were a lot of balloons that deflated before we even got started!
Wimpy. Son was disappointed at the LACK of power. The rocket just falls at your feet.
"As soon as I connected it, it started smoking and got supper hot but the tip was cold as ice! Didn't work. Will not buy again"
Disappointed. The netting was torn when I received the dress
This is not as &#34;big&#34; as it claims and it does not keep going either. I expected more from this than being a paperweight.
"These bubbles were awful, the didn't work at all and it was embarrassing to see them not work at my daughter's party. Don't waste your money"
The crayon doesn't stay out when I'm use. May return them.
Simply....  read all the reviews before ordering these or the heli's
does it even come with a controler??????!
Stopped working the first day.
Chair was really hard to open and can't get it to fully open after it went to the beach once. Very disappointed as it wasn't cheap.
Will never order from American arts ever again.. Packages are never on time!!! Would rate list if I could.. Not even worthy of 1 star
"Arrived broken at feet. The small post with gold ball was broken off. Dates on stand are not legible, paint is flaking off. Bought this as a cute gift for a birthday. What a letdown."
"I HAD TO SEND THIS PRODUCT BACK, IT WAS DEFECTIVE."
It only worked for a short will. Very disappointing.
"Very small. Glitter is too big. It doesn't move around well, just stays stuck or moves very slowly thus defeating the purpose. Found them cheaper (by half!) at a retail store. DON'T waste your money on these novel items!!! You can get an Equestria Girl doll for the same price!"
- 5 STARS BROKE IN 2 DAYS BAD FOR BEGINNERS CRASHED INTO EVERYTHING .IMPOSSIBLE CONTROLS DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY . DID NOT EVEN GET IT OUTSIDE . GYRO FELL OFF . TRASH
"They don't swim even remotely close to straight.  They swim around in circles as if the lure is a drunken groomsmen at a wedding reception.  They act as though the hook is tangled.  I don't think I'd buy them again.  I thought the one was a fluke,  but every one I tried was the same way."
"Thankfully I received this using reward points or I would be even more disappointed. This bike was easy to put together, but that's the only positive. The materials are very cheap and even when fully tightened, the handlebars are not totally secure. The basket in the back does not stay upright and the rear wheels do not touch the floor which makes it even more difficult to ride for toddlers. This bike is unfortunately not worth the price!"
These are fixed figures and not action figures as the title suggests and the picture hides the base of the figures. They are very stiff and can be hazardous. I am going to return them.
"Disappointed with these kiddie gum-ball machine stickers. A couple gems but VERY FEW surf/skate brands as advertised. Mostly silly, no-name cartoon images for the pre-school set."
It was more liquid than putty.
Gold chrome bike pictured. . . received a different color. . . no where did it state color varies . . . dissatisfied with this purchase
"These must be knock offs. All the paint started peeling off the shoes immediately. Obviously, not acceptable for a child's toy. A friend had bought a similar set for Target for my 2 year old that did not peel (colors were slightly different and George's legs didn't allow him to sit). Amazon refunded the purchase price and these went straight to the trash as I was not going to allow my two year old to risk ingesting this cheap paint"
Dimensions weren't listed and I took a chance in buying this but could not use it since it didn't fit my table.
Only one worked and just overall poor quality
I received the bottle with the cap missing so when I open the envelope the paint was dry and spilled all over inside the package and covering the other bottle. Now I must go through the tiring process of returning this garbage.
Cheap!! Two were broke before we even opened the package. The lenses come out. Not worth it. A waste of money!!!!
"One of this drones special features is the camera and today that my boyfriend try it, the camara did not work and after trying for a while, it did but the video resolution was really<br />bad!<br /><br />If you are going to buy these, be sure to check on your order and if you need it for something special, order it al least a month before to avoid a delate in your order."
"Not any nicer than what came with some themed decks, just larger."
received them today-the bag had TWO sticks in it
This arrived in the a million pieces. Extremely disappointed and had to send back for a replacement. Hopefully the next one is not in a million pieces as well.
"I would give this product zero stars if I could.  Upon opening the packaging, a noxious chemical smell became very evident.  The smell was overpowering and not only gave me a headache, but made me nauseous.  My husband and children all noticed and commented on the smell from across the room.  I don't know what possessed my husband to actually put his lips on this piece of toxic waste to blow it up, but after inflating, the paint began peeling off the turtle's face.  No one could handle the smell any longer and the ball was put outside to air out.  Unfortunately, the chemical smell lingered on the skin of everyone who touched it.  The product still smelled hours later, so I attempted to wash the ball in warm soapy water, to no avail.  Despite following the inflation instructions on the packaging, the ball split open a few hours later and became a smelly piece of junk.  Believing this to be a fluke, we picked up another ball from Target.  Unfortunately, we experienced the same issue with regard to the noxious odor.  I contacted the company, which was surprised to hear my comments, as no similiar complaints have ever been reported after selling millions of these balls.  I then began looking up reviews of Imperial's bop balls.  While a very limited number of reviews can be found for these balls, 3 of the 5 I did find highlighted the chemical smell, while the other 2 discussed the poor quality.  I also found 2 Youtube reviews commenting on the terrible smell and poor quality.  I would never purchase a similar item from this company again, no matter how cute they look."
This water is good...<br /><br />FOR NOTHING that's all I have to say
Huge disappointment. The markers write so lightly that you can hardly see the marks. My son looses interest almost instantly not being able to see his scribbles. I replaced the markers and it was no better.
These don't last. Don't get these if you can't have nice things. Stupid.
"We like it a tiny bit but don't because it is not what is described. First it is very small. Smaller than described. It is NOT a plush as described. It is a wire doll of Jack with a tiny bit of stuffing. A plush doll to me, is a stuffed animal/doll type without thick wire in it.  This isn't cuddly or something to play with for a child. It is more of a wire figure and able to pose him anyway with the wire.  Only thing plush about him, is his tiny head. I would have sent back if it wasn't such a hassle to do."
"My son loved this toy at daycare but broke his arm because it got stuck between the bar and the tire when he was jumping down from it.  The product's website claims to have no reported injuries.  I understand that accidents happen, but I think there needs to be more honesty about the potential for injury."
Didn't sling very well and the pig sound  was way off.  I was too embarrassed  to give to  the person I ordered it for.
People are miss using this peace of s*** card if they think it works against a plainswalker. By definition a plains walker is not a creature so this card is useless and shouldn't go above $7 so thanks so much for raising the price on an offal card.
"I will never order from here again. My son is 4 and i wanted this for him to make learning his letters fun. Well we waited for it to come in ,and it did . The box was damaged , some letters where damaged, 2 wheels were broken. There is glue everywhere like it was put together at someones house very quickly. I know $10 is not a lot but I thought it would have been better made. Now my son is disappointed because he loves trains , so I am trying to fix it to put a smile on his face."
False advertised. Advertiser claims ring is magnetic. False. Also ring size is way to small to fit an average hand.
"Boots are cute, but there were drops of glue in several places on one boot ruining the look."
"DO NOT BUY THIS!!! it is a waste of money and it's made out of really cheap material not even close to the asking price. You can make this for less than $65 USD. I put the anchors in my wall and while I was setting it up the screws wouldn't settle in all the way and when I backed out the screws the wall anchors came out with it and I can't get the screws out of the anchors to try again. So now I have four holes in my wall that I have to fill with puddy and a display.case I can't do anything with. I really liked the design and how it was light weight, but for $180 USD, so not worth it. DO NOT BUY THIS!!!"
Was never able to keep it completely inflated. Several leaks from the get go and the patch/repair kit was worthless.. Do not recommend. Complete waste of money.
Doll is meant to be displayed. My kids broke the doll on the first day. It's in three pieces now.
These markers aren't particularly bright. They are  actually thin and more transparent than other brands.
"Honestly so disappointed with this. My little Sylveon is so deformed, I might be sending her back to get my money back. Her face is so deformed compared to the image, one of her ears stands straight while the other falls, her bow in the front is misshapened, one of her legs is longer then the others, and she has a lot of lose threads. I was so much excited for this plush but now I'm so disappointed."
Would never buy again
"This is awful. Got it for my granddaughter's birthday and it is basically junk. Got it all set up and I guess if you like static, terrible music, and a picture on the tv that you can barely make out with awful graphics, then go for it. Otherwise, save your money and the hassle of having to return it."
Don't buy unless you want to throw away your money
Poor quality
Never worked properly from day one.
"Can was dented, contents were shoddy."
"I don't know if it was just my boys being too agressive, but test are awful.  They break so easily.  Who knows what's really inside these things."
Extremely small!!
Got it for the end of summer bash and after launching 2 water balloons the band on one side snapped.
"Horrible product, and the company that produces and advertises it should be ashamed of themselves.  Bought one for my 9-year-old daughter for her birthday.  It popped on the second day.  (She was sitting on it, which she had seen them doing on the commercial.)  I sent the valve and a check for $6.99 to the company, and six-plus weeks later, I got a replacement.  A week later, it popped again, even though this time she was only holding it while watching TV and we had it inflated much less than the maximum, which is suggested to keep from popping.<br /><br />The commercials sell little kids on how fun a toy this is, and then it just makes them cry when it inevitably pops.  She just said to me, &#34;You can't trust anything they say on TV.&#34;  True, but a harsh lesson to learn at the age of 9."
The first time I went to install this on the lens it simply crumbled into pieces. A total waste of my money.  I cant believe they are selling something this crappy.  The plastic was so brittle.  It flet like it was left in the sun all summer and was dry rotted.  DO NOT BUY!
"not a bounce ball, its plastic and does not work."
Came broken
"I received the wrong wand in the wrong box. Am quite disappointed with that, but I don't want to go through all the hassle of shipment again. For paying $40 I am a little disappointed"
Hard to use! Battery life is short.
Poor quality
These eggs did not develop very well.  The heads fell off and others did not grow right
Great size and fast ship but it didn't hold helium for more than a few hours
"If I could give 0 stars I would. These are total garbage. While yes they do have magnifying lenses, the magnification is only good for a working range of 1-2 inches in front of the glasses. If you plan to be working with your hands with these on and you are not a T-Rex, you will not see anything. Please don't waste your money like I did."
Item simply doesn't work. Save your money.
"I bought this to gift someone but it was a total embarrassment for me. I read the reviews and all were 5*, also the picture shown on the box is like real piano. But originally its a piece of crap, cheap clothe or plastic material. The original price shown is around $100 and after discount its for $40 + tax. But really its not worth the discounted price. I would say everything about this product is misinformed. I should have read &#34;verified customers&#34; review and its a lesson for me for future purchases. I will never recommend this to anybody."
"Thought you would have to charge it for a bit before it could work , I was wrong it would not work ! Found one at the dollar store that worked just fine"
Ants died within one week. Waste of 60 bux
These battery's expended and would not hold charge. Got refund. Do not buy.
This was a waste of money!  Barely any bubbles come out.  My son is a year and a half and keeps asking where the bubbles are.  Awful!
The seller was great but the product was terrible.  The handles on the inside of the gloves tore on their first use by a 3 year old.  We sewed it because the 3 year old would've been upset about losing his birthday present.
I'm so surprised this has such a good rating on Board Game Geek. No one in our group enjoyed this.
Flapper doors inside broke after first use. Had to throw it away.
"1. Low price (3 times less than authentic figures from japan).<br /><br />2. Terrible odor is present from the cheap paint used on the figure.<br /><br />3. Colors are inconsistent through out the figure with patches of darkened or light especially on skin and details such as nail polish or the figure's eyes are painted sloppy.<br /><br />4. The parts such as accessories or (body parts) for the figure to hold doesn't fit or stay in place.<br /><br />5. Material is cheap and flimsy and breaks easy and sometimes the figure comes broken already and filthy stains and dirt on the figure as if they just took it out of the mold and wrap it up with bubble wrap on the assembly line.<br /><br />6. The figure comes wrapped in a bubble wrap or in a brown cardboard box (usually with no instructions booklets etc.) instead of a window box decorated with pics of the figure and company/manufacturer's logo.<br /><br />7. If the figure did come in a window box, it's riddled with english that makes no sense (a.k.a. jibberish with random words jumbled together with miss spellings).<br /><br />8. The figure is advertized on Amazon with vague discriptions like.. (i.e. sexy girl anime, hot figure girly, or something besides the figure's real title or name.)<br /><br />9. I started to notice the ppl that sells these knockoffs even writes fake positive reviews to lure ppl into buying the cheap knockoffs. You can spot the fake reviews by reading them because it seems as though it's been written by non english speaking ppl.<br /><br />10. The figure is sold/manufactured by unknown company, and the origin of the figure is usually China. I have seen some from (Hongkong) before.<br /><br />11. Knockoff figures they are advertizing isn't represented by a known company instead most of the time it's a person (i.e. Nuoya001, Qiyun or some username type)<br /><br />12. These in my opinion (95% sure) are distributors/sellers of fake anime figures and statues. (Nuoya001, Qiyun, seven weapon, seller tycoon, LUCKSTAR,) and more but can't list them all because they keep changing their names, most likely to avoid angry customers? I don't know...<br /><br />Remember: The japanese companies (Max factory, Megahouse, Yamato, Orchid seed, Good smile, Kotobukiya) and others that makes the authentic figures, they are &#34;made in China&#34; because they have their own factories there supervised by the japanese companies and (sculptors of the figures). Which means that not everything comes out of China is a knockoff. Research the anime figure companies and beware of fakes. I know ppl look for the best deals and tends to get pulled into buying cheap figures BUT when you buy cheap knockoffs, that's exactly what you'll get... a cheaply made products that's horrible looking and breaks thus robbing you of your money and joy of owning/collecting these pieces of art. So if you're new to the japanese anime PVC pre-painted figures/statues, you should save up your money and own a real one. You'll be glad you bought an authentic figure because they are awesome and well worth your money.<br /><br />The reason why knockoffs exist is because ppl keep buying them...even though some knows it's a fake. I don't know if they're buying it to light it on fire XD or because of financial reasons? Well in any case to each their own I guess but that's money they are throwing away in the end.on, LUCKSTAR,) and more but can't list them all because they keep changing their names, most likely to avoid angry customers? I don't know...<br /><br />Remember: The japanese companies (Max factory, Megahouse, Yamato, Orchid seed, Good smile, Kotobukiya) and others that makes the authentic figures, they are &#34;made in China&#34; because they have their own factories there supervised by the japanese companies and (sculptors of the figures). Which means that not everything comes out of China is a knockoff. Research the anime figure companies and beware of fakes. I know ppl look for the best deals and tends to get pulled into buying cheap figures BUT when you buy cheap knockoffs, that's exactly what you'll get... a cheaply made products that's horrible looking and breaks thus robbing you of your money and joy of owning/collecting these pieces of art. So if you're new to the japanese anime PVC pre-painted figures/statues, you should save up your money and own a real one. You'll be glad you bought an authentic figure because they are awesome and well worth your money.<br /><br />The reason why knockoffs exist is because ppl keep buying them...even though some knows it's a fake. I don't know if they're buying it to light it on fire XD or because of financial reasons? Well in any case to each their own I guess but that's money they are throwing away in the end."
"Bought these for my Estes Proto X SLT. First, the stalks on the props are noticeably shorter than the stock props. This causes them to hit the housing and or battery wires on the unit.<br /><br />The pitch on the blades are much more aggressive as well. This cause -MUCH- shorter fly time.<br /><br />If I could return them I would."
This product does not fly properly and falls down  soon after it lifts up.
"So disappointed, i purchased this item for my sons graduation and the zipper is broken and the materiel is paper thin and cheap.  It is going back."
My 7 year old new it was fake before i put a penny in his hand... I even tried mixing it in other REAL lottery tickets -- they just stand out way to much.
"it wont work well goes to the side, one of the motors is not working"
Its very bad product till now i used started falling from wall first day only even all planets are not there Mars is missing too.very bad experience.
It came with absolutely no directions to put together but the photo on the box...It was very cheaply made and fell apart within a month..it was also much smaller than I thought it was going to be. Not impressed at all..
This is used!!! It's a collectors item so that is a big deal.
Has hard plastic eyes and nose and no mouth at all when it arrived. Pretty lame. I wanted it because of the cute smile. I think this might be a counterfeit product. The dreamworks tag it came with was not attached to the cat and there is no tag sewn to it at all explaining what it's made of or where it was made. Don't waste your money.
The color totally different from the picture. Actually very dissapointed. But weight wise is light.
Clip are to small for the Traxxas Rustler.
Tiles are extremely thin; therefore the magnets have very little sticking power.  Fall off refrigerator easily.  Too bad.
"These are so frustrating. Your kid works hard, follows directions, and the thing keeps breaking apart. I have now been reduced to applying a layer of glue when she's not looking and hoping we run out of beads soon."
"NOT a Zoo Talker.  It says it is, but it is NOT.  Do not buy this if you expect it to talk to the Little People Zoo"
"Product says stickerless, but it clearly has stickers. Mis-representation of the product. Not pleased."
"This stuff sucks. I thought I was getting washi tape. What I actually got was extremely cheap plasticky tape that's oddly difficult to get the backing off of, and is overall poor quality. Shame on me for late night purchasing. Don't buy. 0/10"
Not same as ted at all
Had to return.  defective design
"I thought I was on the Made in America site but must have opened something else because as with EVERYTHING,  IT CAME FROM CHINA. Very disappointing"
it is made out of cheap metal that easlly rusts on your skin ans the watch is so small don't get it not worth it at all
"This is actually 10 1-oz cans, not 2-oz cans as stated. They are the mini cans."
"The picture and the actual product differ greatly.  The picture shows one continuous loop of mesh connecting the seat to the noodle, which Is why I chose this.  The actual product has only a 12 inch loop of mesh and 2 one inch elastic loops on either side that constantly fall off the noodle. I would have returned the two I purchased if the packaging had any invoice with a return policy or address.  I was very dissatisfied."
Came In Boken
Will not stay up...defeated the purpose!
dont waste your money mine came broken very cheap
My son got this bike as a gift and it's sucks! He rode it for two months before it started to fall apart. The handle bars became loose and eventually disconnected from the front tire while my son was riding it. I tried fixing it but it just comes right back loose.
Kids loved it💕
Bought 5 and all five will not read the correct voltages for a 4 cell nimh pack.  Says they are 5 cell packs and says the are 1.5 volts higher than they actually are.  Also does not like 6 cell lipos.
One eye was painted on wrong
Very cheap looking. Plastic looks like fake handcuffs. Diamond is very cloudy. Don't bother. Returning mine
After two attempts at buying these I give up
"Not worth anything, poor quality. Front wheel broke the first time play with it."
Could not keep the bottom filled.  Crap.  Good customer service though
"These are NOT stress balls.  It's my fault--I should have taken more time to read the reviews. They are just toys you would toss around. Wish I could return them, but it wouldn't be worth the trouble and expense of shipping back."
The picture incorrect
I am on my way to return this slide to Target.  It is flimsy and not the high quality I am used to for Little Tykes products.  As other negative reviews state the slide is lightweight and the bottom pops up when the child climbs the ladder.  Also it seems like it could easily tip over when the child tries to maneuver himself to sit down on the top.  I could not let my grandson play with this unless I stood right by to &#34;spot&#34; him.  The handles are too low and do not keep the child from falling over.
"The boat charged the first time I used it, but the second time I tried to charge the boat, the charger did not light up like it had the first time and the boat wouldn't run. I have contacted USA Toyz twice with no response. If I don't hear from them by next Tuesday, I will return the boat."
"Its of very poor quality, it already ripped. Wont recommend"
Came to me completely ripped up and damaged
"Stick with real play doh. This was sticky and hard to play with, also dried up in its container."
"This Quadcopter/Drone worked for about 15 minutes and then one of the motors quit working. As a beginner, it was difficult to fly and there are no replacement parts available form it. Amazon was good enough to refund the full price which we appreciated. We then purchased a Syma X5C quadcopter which was smaller and much easier to fly. The X5C is a much more durable drone and replacement parts are available thru Amazon. Would strongly recommend the X5C over this Ei-Hi model."
Doesn't work
"Unfortunately, the puzzle provided very little challenge after flipped open my pocket knife and cut the ropes.  I'd expect more durability in a puzzle of this type.  The best part of the gift was denying the giver the joy of seeing me struggle.  Schadenfreude off their loss of schadenfreude."
Remote does not work the helicopter. Whatever works the helicopter u have no control over it. Its sitting on a shelf cause u cant fly it. Money down the drain.
"Doesn't always say the correct color. You have to put the fish in a certain way or it gets stuck, which makes my 2 year old not want to play with it. I do not recommend this toy to anyone wanting to teach kids the correct colors. Cute idea, but it would be much better if it actually worked the way it's supposed to."
"Not the same size as original Monopoly game deed, disappointed."
there were not glow in the dark
Junk. Worth about $2.
"If I could give a zero, I would.  Wrong UNO cards for the wrong game.  I was given a travel deck instead of the actual UNO Spin deck.  Defeats the purpose if I don't have the right deck for the right version of the game."
"broke after a few uses, waste of money"
My grandchilds face submurged while playing with activity table.All children will try it drinking the water while playing.<br /><br />The boats keep coming apart.<br /><br />Would not recommend this toy.
poor quality. it looks a lot cheaper than the picture.
cheap material
O starz if I could . Dissatisfied.  Water squirted out the bottom as soon as it was squished. Waste of money!
"This was only the mask.  The description makes it sound as though it is the whole costume including the mask.  The mask itself didn't fit, it was huge."
"Wow, talk about deceptive. I was really excited to pre-order this item. First problem came when I opened the package and I noticed it came with a battery pack instead of a power adapter - how cheap. Pretty impractical for an item like this. Secondly and most importantly, as other reviewers have noted the thing is almost impossible to balance. I'm going to try and get my money back. Wish me luck!"
V tech has a terrible 3 month warranty. Mine won't accept the cartridge and the other one had the speaker go out. I have over 20 games that just sit because I'm not sure if I want to buy another 50 dollar toy that will break in 6 months of not sooner
Don't waste your time and money! There is no slipping and sliding on this dud!
Stopped working in a week. Used 2 times
The Musical Christmas Cargo Car was broken.  Very disappointed.
Deflated after one play.
Overpriced
"Great concept that could be amazing... but fails in too many ways.<br /><br />1. Removing the toy from the packaging was a challenge. The tiny little plastic pieces that secure the tiny little bars to the plastic are difficult to get at without also chancing cutting through the toy itself.<br /><br />2. Installing the battery through the cage is a bit of a pain. More so when you figure you will have to do it often. Not sure how long the wiring will last with constant removal. See #3<br /><br />3. The battery life is terrible. You get 10-15 minutes of play time between charges. If you or your child has a short attention span that may be fine but that doesn't work for us.<br /><br />4. The controller is cheaply made. Three of the buttons on the left hand side feel like they are about to cave in and they were like that straight out of the package.<br /><br />5. Stand? What stand? The instructions say you must place the High Roller on it's included stand but there is none in the box...<br /><br />6. The High Roller is enclosed in a cage for protected flying but this does not prevent the propellers from flying off. One red one snapped in half within the first 5 minutes of playing and the other red one just flew off. When the propeller breaks you don't just have to find the propeller but also the tiny, little metal piece that goes with it. Good luck with that. One of the red propellers will not stay on no matter what we do which means stopping every one to two minutes to fix it. It doesn't even have to hit anything before it flies off...<br /><br />Bottom line: I really wanted to like this. It sounded fabulous and I was looking forward to receiving it. Unfortunately it has many more negatives than positives. IF the above problems were fixed I think it would be an amazing toy to play with and perfect for indoor play."
Product was missing pieces and the pieces that were there didn't fit properly.
bought this two times this summer. both times within a week one side had a leak and went flat. cant float around with half a raft and the other half all sad and deflated. waste of money.
too large for the motor that was identified on the site.
It's as terrible as everyone says. Don't waste your $10.
Piece of junk
"I really like the appearance of the model, and it was really easy to put together, but small parts seem to fall off whenever I go to pose it. This one is really bad, like there are some antennae on it's head, that fall off when I just pick up the model. I do not recommend this model unless you plan on gluing those antennae into place."
"Have had for 2 months, had to replace 2 motors, 2 landing gears and 2 failed cameras, Firelands gracefully replaced the first camera, the replacement never even last until it went back in the air, junk."
"I was not impressed by this item, it is cuter in the picture than the actual item is."
Thought it came weighted so it would stand when blown up.
batts don't fit
Fell apart
"I sent the ring toss game to my grandsons in Vermont, in anticipation of a visit we're making this weekend. It was received, but I spoke with my daughter in law and found out that one of the pegs was broken when they opened it. I'm sure I'll still have fun with my grandsons, but it's disappointing that a gift I sent arrived damaged. Noreen Orlando One day after posting this review a refund and new game was en route to my grandson! Now THIS is a company I will recommend and shop at again! Thank you!"
"They didn't deliver on time and I had a plane to catch. I'm sure the toy is good, but it was for someone I was visiting."
5 feet off the ground for 5 minutes
"Too small<br />My 4 year old was so disappointed she had this on her Christmas list for months. I was so excited to finally give it to her too. But it didn't fit at all and the crown fell off immediately and the whole thing was just not good.<br />In the package it looked good and fell solid but out the box, yikes."
"I received this and the LED lights on the pack did not work. I requested a replacement and the one that arrived to replace the pack with the non-functioning LED lights also had non-functioning LED lights. My daughter really likes the look of the pack and the character so I will be keeping the replacement but it was disappointing and I will not purchase from this seller in the future because if they can not be bothered to see if the replacement I requested actually works, they don't deserve my money."
"QUICK SUMMARY:  We used this mostly in our backyard swimming pool.  What a disappointment!  It takes on water inside the two pontoons, began listing to the right-side, and one of the functions associated with the remote just stopped working after literally one minute in the water.  Might be fun for non-water use, but forget about using this in water.<br /><br />BACKGROUND:  I gave this to my older, pre-teen son to try out.  After charging the battery for the required five hours, we dropped in the battery into vehicle and went outside.  On the ground, it moves side-to-side very quickly, but going forward and backward was ridiculously slow.  Some blades of grass got caught in the rotating pontoons, adversely affecting its forward motion.  But we mostly wanted to try it out in our pool.<br /><br />In the pool, it was an utter disappointment.  On the remote, the right-side button I think angles the pontoons so it moves forward or backward, but after a minute in the water, the vehicle stopped responding to the right-side forward/backward button on the remote.  It was stuck in the forward position, so we were still able to maneuver it in the water okay (tricky, though, as the left-side button is imprecise).  But then the pontoons started filling with water, and the vehicle listed badly to the left, then it nose-dived forward, too.  At this point, it's still useable, but in looking over the battery cover seal, I feared that it would foul the battery compartment, so we took it out of the water.  Even after drying, the right-side button on the remote that controls the forward/backward motion doesn't work correctly on the vehicle.<br /><br />In short, this was a huge disappointment, and for the money that Mattel is asking for to buy this thing, I'd be furious if this weren't a review sample.  My son has since tossed it to the side, unable to use it in the pool.  Maybe we'll bring it indoors, but the outdoor experience was so bad, it immediately lost its appeal with my son (and with me).<br /><br />WHAT WE ALSO DID NOT LIKE:<br /><br />- The remote control is super-chintzy, light, and not at all like a nice gaming console control<br />- The two buttons on the remote have terrible tactile feel, imprecise and cheap-feeling<br />- Although this is supposed to be used in water, the vehicle's pontoons take in water and cause the vehicle to list if they don't take in water at the same rate<br />- The battery compartment doesn't have a gasket to keep water out of it; it's just a plastic cover screwed onto a plastic body<br />- The fine-printed instructions give important information that should be much more prominently communicated, like, don't recharge a hot battery, wait about 10 minutes, or else you'll damage the battery's future charging capacity, and charge the battery for 5 hours for the first two charging cycles<br /><br />CONCLUSION:  Save your money and buy your kid some Legos or a cheap quad-copter instead.  Not recommendedd with me).<br /><br />WHAT WE ALSO DID NOT LIKE:<br /><br />- The remote control is super-chintzy, light, and not at all like a nice gaming console control<br />- The two buttons on the remote have terrible tactile feel, imprecise and cheap-feeling<br />- Although this is supposed to be used in water, the vehicle's pontoons take in water and cause the vehicle to list if they don't take in water at the same rate<br />- The battery compartment doesn't have a gasket to keep water out of it; it's just a plastic cover screwed onto a plastic body<br />- The fine-printed instructions give important information that should be much more prominently communicated, like, don't recharge a hot battery, wait about 10 minutes, or else you'll damage the battery's future charging capacity, and charge the battery for 5 hours for the first two charging cycles<br /><br />CONCLUSION:  Save your money and buy your kid some Legos or a cheap quad-copter instead.  Not recommended"
SAVE YOUR $!<br /><br />Game is like dollar store quality.
We ordered these as a birthday party favor and there were only 8 tattoos in the package marked 16.
Upset that it said the backpack had wheels when in fact it did NOT have the wheels. Was wanting a backpack with wheels 4 my son since his bags all get 2 heavy 2 carry.
My daughter didn't like it much to play with and even the build quality wasn't that great.
"I purchased this sword expecting a sheath to come with it, because it says &#34;Sheath&#34; in the title, but when it arrived, it was only the sword.  This is very misleading."
"I collect all the beanie boos, and none of them have let me down except the tundra beanie baby. I bought the rest in stores, and they are wonderful, this one however I ordered and it doesn't even have the beans in them like The rest of them. The face and legs are all deformed, the right leg is significantly larger than the left. Here's a photo of the one I bought online (left) and the one I just bought in store (right). I paid 5$ for the one I bought in store and 10$ for the one on Amazon. Horrible quality, will never Order them online again. The one I got in store is amazing, with beans in it and everything."
"It was a 4.00 add on, so I expected it to be better than a dollar store lei, but it wasn't.  The purple color is nice, but not full as shown in the photo, and a few that I purchased for 1.00 are much nicer.  Spend 4.99 and buy a delux lei."
Only worked for five minutes!
Barney balloon deflated within an hour.  The small foil balloons kept air till next day.
"I wounder why this has 4 stars,<br />It only work for a day and after that started to acting up,(reset few times still no luck) I did NOT have any hard landing or hit anything while flying.<br />I had to return it, Return transaction went well."
"It was difficult for my 9 year old to put together without it falling apart. We got rid of it, it just didn't work well for a kid."
Cheap.  Not anything I would want to give as a gift either.  Don't bother.  Returned.
not the right size for what the description saying
poor quality. it looks a lot cheaper than the picture.
"Instructions would have been helpful. These do not seem to be very good quality.  I'm a balloon professional and I had difficultly inflating. I used the nozzle that is used to inflate foil balloons to make sure I didn't pop it.  However, most people don't have that option. I did try one and it was very slow to ascend."
This doll has brown spots on him and the hair is thick with glue!! I could not even brush his hair with a baby brush.
DO NOR BUY!! Wish I read the reviews! Received one little superman figurine. Completely unethical false advertising. Luckily I have prime and can return.
Dang thing had a split in the side when we got it.
I purchased this because my son uses it at camp and loves it. After 15 minutes of use the connection that keeps the hose screwed in cracked and now there's no way to use it as a sprinkler. Most expensive beach ball ever.
Packages missing the letters I and J.
Crap
Not all pieces were in box. Many of the pieces were already connected. Also the pieces were difficult to stay together.
Very disappointed in this product. Quality extremely poor.  Picture misleading.
So the first night I drop the controller and the left stick breaks. It still works but not well. So I am using it the next morning and I was a sending the helicopter when the gyro breaks. So now I cannot use it. I have the canopy warranty but they don't have the product in their system. They tell me they have to update it. They said they would call me within 10 days so I can make a claim. Then I will have to send it to them and ask for a new one. It will be a long horrible process. DONT BUY ONE ALL HELICOPTERS ARE JUNK. I have had 3 helicopters all have broke. JUNK NEVER BUY WASTE OF 40$.
Just got the plane out of the box today and charge the battery and plug it into plane and nothing happened. Looks like a DOA. I should have open the box when I first got it...now just sitting on a shelf. 😟
"Pros: Good stickers; good concept; fun to play with<br />Cons: Very difficult to put together without extra tools; glue was dried out so had to use my own (and clamps); my smart 8 & 10 yr. old grandsons could not have successfully built them.<br />Advice: Either build it yourself, allowing the time necessary for the glue to dry or save your money and go elsewhere."
"This photo is VERY misleading. I was especially attracted to the flamingo, monkey and parrot, but I got NONE of those. I received 2 fish, 2 seahorses and 2 palm trees. Unfortunately our party is tomorrow so I have to use them. Very unhappy about this purchase."
Quality was cheap broke after a month of use
Read the reviews above.  Deceptive pictures
"Probably some of the worst card ive spent my money on to thin, to flimsy, and you cant see the disign they arent worth the money you will send on them"
There were no purple balloons in the assortment as stated in the decription. Also a few of the balloons popped as soon as I started to blow into them.
"My 8 year old daughter is in tears right now because she spent her own money on what we thought was lots of little figures.  Nope, it's only one.  Better read the produce description next time, because the packaging pictured here is very misleading."
Item was broken and it's more of a hassle to send it back :( very disappointed
This toy doesn't do much. Doesn't move by itself. Not what we expected.
Didn't work. Waste of time and money.
"terrible, arrived bent and bad condition DO NOT BUY"
did not work at all left in the sun for 3 days and it did not move.
A let down for anyone after the real thing.
"Disappointing, to say the least.<br /><br />I loved the concept.  The idea that I could get my girls something that wasn't all about princesses and how they looked completely appealed to me.  My oldest was very excited to play with it--yay!  That was the point!  Then she followed the directions to build things and it all went downhill from there.  Nothing stays together.  She will build something and as soon as she tries it out, it falls apart, rendering her frustrated and upset that her hard work was done in vain.  At first I thought maybe she just wasn't getting the pieces put in tightly enough so I tried it.  It fell apart for me too.<br /><br />She seems to forget how frustrating this toy is and pulls it out once in a while (like just now, which prompted me to write this).  She was so proud that she build a &#34;robot&#34; and once she got it to me to show it off, it just fell apart again.  She didn't throw it or handle it badly.  She gently put it on the table next to me, while still holding it, and pieces flew everywhere.<br /><br />Bottom line, don't waste your money.  I hope the creator puts her problem-solving/engineering brain to work on this and makes it better but we won't be buying any more of these items."
"I was immensely disappointed.  If you thought Cards Against Humanity was R rated, then this is NC-17.  I'm not a prude but this is just downright garbage, every other card is about sex.  My friends and I really enjoy, CAH; we looked at 40 cards of NHIE and decided we would never, ever play it!"
My son is extremely disappointed! I wouldn't have paid the exorbitant $12 for a piece of putty if it wasn't promised to be magnetic. Far from it! It is just silver in color.
We expected there to be 4 pieces in the set an we only received  the mower and blade.  We. Are ver unhappy to have paid 37.00 and only received half of what is pictured. I would have returned  it but needed it for our grandsons birthday.  What a rip off!!
I got them to sent me a new one and they both fell apart.  The springs popped off of them.
"It arrived in packaging that had been stapled all around- I guess it had been opened before...?  Within a half hour of light use, a piece broke off rendering it totally useless.  I would love a refund!  Also, it plays very weird music!"
buck tooth billy bob... did I say enough...
"We were excited to receive it, as described, brilliant colors.<br />Not worth the money. It does not keep in place. My daughter was constantly complaining the it fell off.<br />Has only two small attachable Velcro pieces, which are not steady.  We only used it twice. A waste of $."
The tent is a paper material and broke while we were setting it up for the first time. The corner that holds the pole completely ripped off.
I would give 0 stars if I could. Less than 1/4 of the balloons actually stayed filled.
"Oh, where to start. The lens is blurry; the lights don't work; the large lens is maybe a 2x; the teeny tiny small lens is absolutely useless; it took forever to arrive.  It is nice looking, though and is sturdy. But it is a waste of money and materials."
Do not waste your money.  I bought for 4 year old.  I tried different hoses and different water pressure but could only get water to come out two feet out of the top.
Poor quality toys. They broke within the first week.
This is a SCAM these are NOT NERF brand darts.  They are OKER Brand darts which DO NOT work in NERF N-STRIKE guns.  This is false advertising and a rip off.
Boring game.  Nothing to it.
Not what I expected
Absolute junk. Opened the package after sending another sonic screwdriver back and the lights and sounds do not work.
I opened package and 2 of the 4 zippers broke. Very disappointed.  Not of good quality
CRAPPY. CHEAP. PEICE OF JUNK
"Hey, these are fake, right?  People get that, I hope.  I feel bad, I know some people are deceived because these are simple but deceptive - but again, folks, these aren't real - it's a joke - don't buy it."
Bought the small one because the big one cost way to much.<br />Granddaughter didn't even play with it for ten minutes and it popped.<br />Of course she would like me to buy another one but that's not going to happen.<br />I recommend that you do not consider buying this product.
The pool keep deflating from day one  although there is absolutely no sign of puncture!! The leak might come from the valve. Unfortunately we have unpacked the pool over a month after receiving it so I found out the problem too late to return it.<br /><br />Update: the pool eventually blowup upon inflating. Useless after 6 days of use!!
"XP software? Why should I have to change my settings, when every other program installs just fine? I guess I will buy the handheld one and send this one to the e-waste bin. I can't get rid of the .dll installation error no matter what settings I use."
"This is not 43 cms, not happy!! To expensive for the quality :("
Not good
"Like other reviewers said, the orange never set.  The rest were wet.  Time making (mixing, shaking, pouring) was about 15 minutes for a Mom and her 7 and 9 year old.  Time of use - about 30 seconds.  You can make 8 pieces of chalk with this set, assuming the pieces come out whole (2 of our 8 came out whole, the rest crumbled).  One piece of chalk was barely enough to write &#34;Mom&#34; on our smooth driveway.  The pieces completely fell apart during use and left a sopping mess.  Chalk never glowed.  This is a complete waste of time and money and a massive disappointment for two little kids who hoped to catch tonight's meteorite shower in the glow of their own creations."
"My two-year daughter received this as a gift and absolutely loved it. She played it in every day and cherished having her own private fort to play with her toys. Unfortunately, the fun didn't last long. After gently trying to move the tent, it fell apart in my hands. The material from the roof shredded from a light touch. For $35, I expected more longevity."
Only half of the stick lit up and very dim.
I'm sorry for that price the box should be in better condition or at least sealed.
"Ditto to the other review, the arms and legs do not move when wound as it would appear. Additionally, even though his tail moves, it doesn't work well enough to propel him through the water. He just kind of floats there. Not fun at any price."
"At least half of each stem didn't inflate, burst or popped before we were able tho use them"
My little one got these for her birthday almost a week ago. These are not made well! We have had 5-6 dinosaurs get broken in this time. The play mat is also a very thin piece of plastic kind of like a cheap party tablecloth. Don't waist so much money on these they will not last!!
"The fact that this product is still being sold in stores is DISGRACEFUL! My kids each received them as gifts from my MIL. The blue one popped within 2 hours of ownership and the pink one popped within 5 hours. Mind you, they were not playing with them that entire time. The replacement policy has you writing a check for $6.99 plus you have to ship the plug area to NY for an additional few dollars. So far, $70 has been wasted on two lousy toys..."
This is plastic and not very cool!
"I purchased this for my son's 2nd birthday.  He would really like it, except that the Velcro is so strong that he cannot pull the pieces apart once they are stuck together. I have had to &#34;chop&#34; between the pieces repeatedly with the spatula to get them separated.  Also the hard plastic it is made from (not rubbery like some I've seen) is so thin and brittle, that the plastic has actually cracked and broken before the Velcro would separate.  It was cheap, but not worth the money in my book.  Find one that will actually have real play value.  I ended up getting him a different set later at a garage sale."
This toy was the biggest disappointment. It doesn't work in any shape or form as the advertisements show.
It's hard to assemble because the parts are missing.
"Not worth it Parts don't fit cheap plastic instructions du not help , no words, pictures du not explane it's self so don't buy it"
Product came with a big hole in its neck. Very disappointing.
The chess pieces keep falling over.  The wooden board is so splintered we were afraid our children would be hurt.  We are going to return the item.
So loose it falls apart. Not worth a dime. Piece of  trash.
"Purchased two of these back in May, however didn't get to use it until August. When the first tube traveled about 3 hours down a calm river, it started deflating, but I didn't see any hole and the part to pump air was closed tightly.   The second tube was worse. The center mesh net broke literally after 5 minutes of getting into the river and made the entire trip uncomfortable. Many have bought this and seemed fine, however the two that I bought seemed to be poorly made."
Its a piece of junk
"Item arrived without figure or bubble attached, only the cardboard backing. Unbelievable!"
"First off, only had about 125 balls. Half of those 125 were basically cut up so that they didn't resemble a ball."
"Disappointed with this product. We put in the batteries and it failed to turn on. It's always a bummer when you look forward to getting something, it arrives new, in the box, but fails to work. My daughter was really upset."
Well Funco made it but box all crushed and it was to be a gift.
"Just bought this under the assumption that, from the reviews written before me and the information given about it (drift capabilities lol) that it was a really decent r/c car.  Bang for the buck was a lie.  It BARELY even moves on my hardwood, taking a couple seconds just to get it moving, and forget about taking it outside!  I do not like it, no I do not. If I was you I would keep on browsing..."
The canister leaks and the motor had to be started by hand. Not suitable for young children.
toy broke and I had to throw away
"Like many others, my Brotherhood of Steel got switched to this. What the heck?!"
"I was excited to buy such a cute toy for such a great price. Upon receiving it, however, i threw it away.  The noise that comes out of it is unnerving, so warbled it sounds like it belongs in a ghost movie."
"We rock a huge collection of nerf guns at work... This is what we give new guy scrubs to motivate them to upgrade bc this thing is like bringing a teddy bear to a knife fight...<br /><br />i would love to see teddy bears fight with knives though... that'd be cool, right?"
The gift box is a sham I would have enjoyed the box more then the cheap necklace.....
"The stethoscope was larger than I thought it would be. Since I had ordered a baby scrub outfit, I just assumed the stethoscope would be small as well. Oh well."
"I bought this for my son's birthday and 10 minutes after playing with it the truck would not go forward. I charged the batteries, but it still would not go forward. During the 10 minutes it was fun enough to crush my son when he found out it would have to be sent back. If this worked flawlessly I would have no problem rating it much higher, but due to my issues, and the fact that there are other people with the same exact problem, I am just requesting my money back. Save your money and get something that will last longer than 10 minutes. The price is too much to not have it work flawlessly.<br /><br />Another thing. The truck I received only worked on one frequency, 49Mhz. This means that if you bought more than one, they couldn't be used at the same time."
It didn't fit how I expected to ..at the bottom it covers the button so it was a little stressful trying to unlock my phone which it unlocks by reading my finger print ...
Cheap plastic!
Didn't last one day
"Sea monkeys never even hatched! What a disappointment! And there was also no food included!<br />Worst is, that our daughter spend her own money on it! She had saved for a long time to buy another sea monkey set. She had had one before :-("
cheap
The quality was terrible. Faded almost instantly after putting on. The first one we attempted to apply completely fell apart.
Horrible ripped 2 days after receiving.
"Just got these yesterday and they came with a very potent chemical like smell. Even after washing them a couple times they still smell very foul.<br /><br />The plastic also seems fairly cheap, this seems like a product that would come from a dollar store. I guess I was expecting something a little better for $9"
"We received our package a few days ago and my soon to be 4 year old could not wait to play with it! The box says for ages 4+ but I do not recommend it for that age. I think this product should be for ages much older.  She wouldn't play with them by herself and asked me over and over to help her make the characters on the box. After a very sad attempt to make the green vampire, I stuck with trying to make a snake. My little one was more interested in playing with all of the little extras (eyes, hats, mouths etc.) then the actual Bunchems. Like I said, I think this product is better for much older kids."
"Junk 2 out of 3 had seams not sealed, threw in trash!"
"[[ASIN:B0081JSQ2Q Replacement Rotor Assembly for Summer Escapes SFS1000 Filter Pump]]<br /><br />1. Just received the rotor by US (Snail) mail after 10 days.  Ordered the part on 8/1/15.  Amazon said would be delivered by August 6th - 10th. It arrived on 8/11 at my local post office. Needless to say we did not get to go swimming for about two weeks.<br /><br />2. After installing the new rotor, the filter motor ran fine for about 30 minutes then the plastic white tip of the rotor broke to pieces and here we are still with no pool.  Time to close it up.  Not paying for another piece of junk."
My dog almost drowned<br /><br /> Very unstable poor quality
The picture is purple. But what came is a red boov. We were disappointed
This is terrible the wheels don't move and one of the back of the wheel came off when we recieved it and I had to glue it back on it was  to much to stand in line at the post office to send it back it's not worth $37.00 dollars!!!
This set is a cheaply made version of another set you can get for $25 from another seller. Feel like I was totally cheated on this purchase.
When we got 1/3 of the way through the roll they were not cut and stopped coming off.  We needed them for a show so too late to exchange for a new roll. Terrible product.
"The glasses are definitely not mask shaped, they make the game look way better than it actually does when it arrives.  Looks like something I could have got at the dollar store...."
These are cheap plastic!  Not die-cast metal.
"The new product, which I came, was purchased used, and a little shabby paint detail sound, since I did not like was the purchase of a new product"
"The problem with this toy is the molding system is flawed. It doesn't allow the two chemicals to mix properly so what happens is after several hours, you have a flimsy case that is still gooey in some areas. We let it sit overnight and the next day it was still gooey. That same thing happened with both tries. It's a good idea but poorly designed."
did not work.  couldn't even get screw loose to put in batteries.  waste of money
Overpriced!
WORST product! I had it less than 24 hours for my 20 month old and had to throw it away. It ripped in two places and the inside bars didn't stay in place. Complete waste of money. I would HIGHLY recommend finding a more durable tent.
Did not cover well at all.
"I read every single review and felt confident ordering this product. When I received it, and started packaging my coins, I noticed EVERY SINGLE different size was leaving considerable amounts of white flecks of cardboard all over my coins. I either got a very bad batch, or other folks seem to be ok with this effect. Either way, I am returning the entire lot, and will never buy this product again. I would leave 0 stars, but according to amazon guidelines, I have to choose a star rating:(:("
There are. No dimensions of this product in the description<br /> I had to return it. A big hassle!
This is a recast of an Iplehouse doll. It is a COUNTERFEIT. DO NOT BUY.
"Receiving goods and photos are different, and it is bad, the cat's hands don't move, don't want any other buyer cheated, very poor!"
"Beautiful Sleeve, terrible craftsmanship. I had one duel with these sleeves on and 5 of them instantly had the decal DMG peel apart from the sleeve while 3 others ripped while shuffling. I recommend staying away from this buy. Too expensive if you cant even use the sleeves in confidence!"
Disappointed. Wrong item.
Received these Shopkins yesterday and they are fake!  The colors are wrong and do not match the legit Shopkins figures or checklist.  The painting is sloppy or smeared on some and they have a strong plastic smell.  The package was obviously opened and retaped when we received it.  It looks like the authentic shopkins were taken out and replaced with counterfeit ones.  Very disappointed and upset to be sold cheap knock-offs when it is advertised as real Shopkin Moose products.
It's made very cheap! I had it out not even five minutes and the one piece of pizza cracked. The Velcro pulled from the pizza and made a hole too! Don't get this item!!
Waste of money!
Another item I should have just got at the Dollar Store. Very poor quality!
Really small for the cost.
The order form says 1:24 size and product received was 1:32 size.  Very disappointing.
These pencils come in beautiful colors. The issue is that the leads are broken in the pencils and when you sharpen them they continually break. I am very disappointed.
only one little figure is not supposed to cost this much.
"If I could give no stars I would.  Not because the product isn't great, but because the sales person(or owner as he implied) is completely offensive. He gave us his sales pitch at our county fair.  When we chose not to buy from him, he became mean. Told us he knew when he started we wouldn't buy. Scowling and getting worse as time went on(one in our party was considering buying the product without him knowing).  Later on we talked to another family who couldn't believe how rude he was.  As a fellow salesperson, I know how to treat people and he was so far off I will never buy this product."
NOT A DJI PHANTOM 3 EXTENDER! DON'T BELIEVE THERE CRAP!
Busted the first time we used it. No good.
Never flew right
More wheela than actual connection to be compatible with legos my 3 yr was very disappointed he couldn't make a bunch of cars
"Major safety hazard. Do not buy this toy. My son was injured today when the long antenna on the back of this car punctured the underside of his toe. Because of the curly q at the top of the wire, he had to go to urgent care, the wire cut and removed, followed by an X ray to ensure all of the metal was out. He is now on 3 antibiotics. This product is a MAJOR SAFETY HAZARD!"
The light is not working
"I guess they must have changed the quality because these are junk. Seriously save you $12.  They are poorly painted and not very sturdy. I suspect the magnets will definitely pop out over time. They are just punched in in a hole on the sides. Plus, my purchase came missing a magnet on a boat. Refund needed!  Not so fun if you cannot connect them different wats. They stick together horribly too!  Look for something else."
"I'd love to give this a better rating, but it only comes with one cone!"
Very cheaply made. Not worth $29
Horrible once I saw the code I put the code in and ever since I opened it once it does not shut right. Is by far the worst product I bought on Amazon.
Broke in one day
"I purchased this tent for a trip to the beach with my 6 month old. After reading reviews and seeing as it was made for little kids at the beach, I thought, let's buy it!<br /><br />We received it promptly and the next day tried setting it up in the backyard. We didn't even get it set up before the a pole broke. Trying to thread the pole through the loop to stand the tent up was impossible - the pole had no bend, so it snapped.<br /><br />Since this tent was unusable, we bought a Coleman tent for camping to use at the beach. It was bigger, but actually held up."
Such a cute perfect beach tent... But day 2 on the beach and taking it apart the cord in the supports broke... This essentially makes the tent not functional. Will see if I can get my money back.
"Cute, but came completely crushed! I'm very disappointed especially because this is a collectible and wasn't to even be opened from the box."
"This is not blue, at all. It's straight up green. And an ugly green at that. It looks like if blue paper sat in the sunlight for a long time and discolored."
"VERY disappointed with this item.  Despite being easily set up, what the manufacturer doesn't state in any advertising is that you need a Bluetooth device, such as iPad, iPhone etc within 30ft to receive all messages.  These messages then have to be physically forwarded to the pet.  Using the device that receives the message can be used to send video messages itself so not sure what the point of the Cloudpet is."
This piece is basically useless for its intended purpose. The thumb screw is too small diameter so the hinge can not be tightened. I modified it and used the anti vibration mount for another setup. Couldn't be bothered to return this junk.
They were scratched never been able to use they were so bad.
Not worth the $100+ costume. The leve of detail is the same as the ones you can buy for $40. Complete ripoff!
"I am super disappointed. I received about 8 spirit tokens and maybe 10 Goblins. The rest were at a minimum duplicates. Some of them there were as many as 5 of the same card. I only received maybe 6 or 7 different types of tokens out of 50 and not a single one was an elf, which is what I was hoping for."
Filmsy. Instantly broke when i opened package up
THEY ARE JUNK  HAD 8 BLOW UP BEFORE I COULD FILL THEM HALF WAY UP THE FIRST TIME
"A waste of my money, the thing fell apart. first one of the ears came OFF, then The tail came OFF. The glue came OFF the bottom and it started detaching away from the case."
"its VERY inconsistent , poor quality as I've tested it several times"
My mother in law bought this for my 1 year old who is 22lbs and it doesn't work. We let it charge for well over 12hours and it won't move with him on it or even when he isn't on it. Returning item.
Sucker
Item arrived with the word LEAKS handwritten in black sharpie across the packaging. Unacceptable as this was supposed to be a gift.
We didn't get one usable water balloon. What a bust!!! My kids were very disappointed. I rarely review things unless it's a five or a one.... this product is a one star.....do not buy it does not work at all.
Son in tears over a broken ripper
When I opened the box one of the rubber treads for the plastic tire was ripped and was not on the wheel. I am not sure who to contact for a replacement.
Super tini tiny pieces and they are not distinctively carved.  We would be embarassed to play with friends using this set. Plus several pieces arrived brokened.
The balloon has been in heated condition as when we open the paint was stuck to each other
I've received the rong one. I had ordered SMA and I received RP-SMA.
It has been quite a long time since I purchased a Ken doll from when I was a child. This doll was disappointing! The face looks EXACTLY like Barbie minus the long hair. This Ken doll is wearing pink lipstick and has the same FULL makeup as Barbie! The head is made of a really soft plastic that you can squeeze with your hand...my toddler already chewed through it in a matter of an hour! Not the Ken doll I was expecting!!
Didn't work from the second i got it
Product didn't work. After trying several pairs of known good batteries I could not get it to function. I've started the replacement process and will update this review once I've tried the replacement.   Update: The replacement I received did not work as well. I've since bought a similar product from another seller and it works without issue.
DO NOT BUY.. Never again will I. Cheaply made! Not worth the $25 dollars i payed.
Not very durable :(
I didn't know I was going to receive the sixth part of the product I thought.
Box says &#34;800 count&#34; and bunch of copies of the same cards least 9-15. I wouldn't mind if it was three copies but this is a rip off. Least their real cards but not worth the buy.
Fake!!!!
States 4&#34; dinosaurs the length of them is 2 - 2 1/2&#34; These were supposed to be for a dinosaur dig for my kids' birthday party...it'll be like looking for a needle in a haystack :(
"I was really excited to find these .. they were great for about a week, but then one by one they started leaking as the seams began coming apart.  We ordered them to replace hacky sacks for our corn hole game ... they just didn't hold up."
overpriced
"Alphie is great, and functional, but it has orange paint stains on the face, not good for a gift!! Horrible paint job!!!"
"I am a consistent puzzler, but this one just frustrates me.  I'm going to give it away to someone I really don't like!"
"I received this pack as part of a promotion from the company. I am not being paid to write this review, though I did get the product for free.<br /><br />First, I'll say that my daughter liked them for a couple hours. She's enjoyed making shapes that don't look like much, but her imagination makes look like penguins, polar bears, and princesses. I play with them with her, and making them stick together to make the things in the instructions doesn't work so well, but really, that doesn't matter too much to a 4 year old. They just want to create. For free play and open creativity, Bunchems are a decent choice.<br /><br />But as any parent will tell you, it's not just about what's fun for your kid. Practicality matters too. Clean up matters. Storage matters. The bottom line is that Bunchems do not come with so much as a plastic bag to store them in. There is no included method for containing these 400 little pieces, and that is a huge turn off. Furthermore, these things get dirty fast. They trap hair, (And get stuck in it), dust, pet hair and pretty much anything else that they touch in their little hooks. For god's sake don't let these near your child's hair. To be fair, there's a warning on the box that says they'll entangle in hair, but honestly, I'd have rather removed gum than these.<br /><br />Lastly, they just don't work very well. Making anything from the instructions is nigh impossible. Heck... making anything that looks like an actual thing rather than *heavy imagination required* to make it look like something isn't going to happen. They stick together, but without a lot of extreme precision and exact placement and rotating the little balls to be in just the right spot, I can't imagine anything meaningful being built without spending a few hours on a little owl or monkey.<br /><br />So to recap: For the few hours of fun they provide for your child, these provide a mess with no included storage, they pick up hair, they entangle in hair, and they just plain don't work very well. I don't recommend.n't work very well. I don't recommend."
"Not a single iridescent sticker in the lot. Very poor quality paper - super thin. NONE of the types of stickers pictured were shown, and not that they have to be exact but what I received were very juvenile, poor artwork stickers - not die cut all just an image on a round sticker - super boring. Lots of farm animals, &#34;good job reading,&#34; and religious stickers (which not that I mind but for the purpose I need them for that was not appropriate given that it wasn't indicated that there'd be ANY words on the pictures. Super disappointed, returned."
"this item is not complete, it states 14 when only 12 towers were in the packagae with 14 bases but there is also a piece missing so only 11 towers can be fully used, would return it but my son is already playing with it."
Sucking bey waste of money I battled right away every single part broke including the spin track waste of money
Pieces come apart too easily and do not fit back properly
"Okay, my children love this, but I bought it for the intended purpose of teaching letter sounds. The sound is so muffled, that I can hardly distinguish what sound it's saying. All of the letter sounds, sound the same. The voice has a British accent, so it confuses my son. He asked me what a &#34;caught&#34; was. It was saying cat! The duck slider at the top doesn't even line up with which function you want to use. The first day we had it, my husband noticed a screw on the floor. One of the screws on the back had come out and was stripped. It wasn't even the battery screw. This was very dangerous since we have a 7month old. I know you get what you pay for, but this is beyond cheap."
Great game if it had all the pieces!!!!
These are not JST-XH connectors.  It's not worth it to mail the item back to China.
Too flimsy....and you really need a set of 2 to make the game work
"HORRIBLE PRODUCT!  The ornaments on the necklace broke off after five minutes.  NO color change works on nails, eyes shadow, or hair, plus using WARM water, NOT hot, rubbed the polish permanently off the doll's finger.  BIG RIP OFF, because other than brushing the hair, it does nothing it says it will do."
"way to much ! $1,024.99"
JUNK!! Broke within 2 hours of opening.
Cheap quality and dirty
Worst product ever.  Does not work.
Game is terrible. Now Augusta and terrible My Pro mode. Huge disappointment.
Do not buy this pool it melts in the sun! After one day in the sun one side of the pool melted and became distorted. I live in ohio so it's not like it's that hot here. I took it down and put it up a week later and the other side melted and it's now not usable. I called the company and they told me yes it will melt cause it's made of pvc. What??? It's a pool that will more than likely be used in the sun. Extremely disappointed that was the response. Waste of money
"I'm really disappointed with this product. There are pictures AND a description saying that (quote) &#34;You will receive 1 31&#34; Big Hero Super Shape Mylar, 2 18&#34; Big Hero Mylars, 2 Red, PURPLE and Black 11&#34; latex&#34;. Instead of 2 purple balloons, I received 4 black 11'' latex which is the reason I'm returning this product immediately!"
"The mushroom keeps deflating, from the very first time I opened the package"
i got a defect so buy at ur risk
Did not receive As many pieces as advertised. They are poor quality! Some were already broken when I got them.
"The gun does not function out of box. I did like most said, replaced the batteries and began priming the gun. The liquid just dropped around the ring and never formed a bubble. Primed for 20 minutes and tried about 15 times to get it going. Needless to say the item is going back..."
Wasn't working very well. The levitation wand was not able to levitate the foil. Tip of the wand was loose and gap was noticed at the tip.
This palace pet is NOT a large one. I have a large one and it is not even half the size.
"Where to start, radio barely gets signal. Then we've had It Since March 2015 and the battery has broken the connecting cables snapped off underneath the blue plastic casing. The gas pedal is tempermental. Not impressed. Otherwise my son loves it."
Confusing instructions for the adults. Unclear educational pedagogy. Nothing innovative here. My daughter doesn't get it. Basically a waste of money for us.
"This post and even the reviews were very misleading! I was expecting a handheld Su Doku game as shown in the image and as referenced by the reviewers, but instead all I got was a PC game! It's not a terrible buy, but not at all what I was intending on buying. Since it was meant for a child to use on their own away from a computer especially when travelling, it kind of defeats the purpose. Not satisfied."
Horrible just horrible the face bolt broke emidialty after I bought it. don't waste your time
It looked like it would have a lot of cards but it came with barely any. I would get something else.
most of them had cartoons for 5 year old kids
"Like the other reviewer, we also bought this item for our niece for her birthday and because of the extra character that was suppose to be included, however, also like the other reviewer, we were disappointed that it was not included! We took a risk in hopes that the previous customer experience was a fluke, but it was not. Including the name of the additional character in the item description and picturing it in the pictures is deceptive and misleading. DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM, IT DOES NOT INCLUDE THE EXTRA DOLL AND CAN BE PURCHASED FOR LESS ELSEWHERE. Needless to say, we are returning this item due to &#34;missing parts/accessories.&#34;"
Every stick of chalk was broken into at least three pieces and the powder inside the box got everywhere. I will never buy this product again.
Very bad quality came with scratches and swam for about 5 seconds
"Not satisfied at all! The car has a completely different look than in the picture! First thing it is pink, second does not seem to be in scale with the other cars in our collection (despite all being 1:55), not a big difference but it just looks odd!"
boring game.
"So NOT good. It looks So cheap! And since its random pick, they sent me a pink one and I have a boy... So disappointed. And the customer service was terrible. I just wasted my money on this. Not worth it."
Horrible directions
Terrible !!  They just melted away from the bottom!!
Broke after 2 months of infrequent use. Trying to get rid of it !
Bought it and after not more than 6 months its not working properly
"I didn't order this,  yet it is in my review list"
They fall off all the time. I have even reinforced by using both hooks on each side.
"this thing is s*** 1st of all it looks like the average size bt when u see it for ur self its tiny. Even if u did accept it for being so tiny from the time u start to use it, it looses up in ur damn hand like its suppose to be an ornament instead of a toy stupid product!!!!!"
item was much smaller then looks.... NOT STURDY.....<br />When returned was charged an outrageous return fee
"This is supposed to be a pack of four, I only received one. Definitely a rip off!! I would give zero stars if possible.  Packaging and shipping were excellent."
Really I am very disappointed.  Read the small print. You think you are getting a deal on some fuzzy posters but really your getting one and they chose it and yeah well they suck.
"Purchased these at a music festival. A month later we were spinning on a boat deck, while spinning the pod broke off of the finger straps, where the metal bead is. The pod flew into the water and was ruined. Flow Toys offers a lifetime warranty, but refused to fix the single broken poi. Wouldn't bother when you can buy similar items for cheaper."
I ordered two 3-packs of these. I had a total of about 9 stay inflated for longer than 2 minutes. Maybe I just got a bad batch. :(
"DO NOT BUY THIS.<br /><br />ITS A YELLOW CHEAP FABRIC. LIKE ACTUAL FABRIC, LIKE A TSHIRT FABRIC.<br /><br />DO NOT BUY THIS. I ordered it by mistake and I left the order because I thought it might be good. Wrong choice. I would not recommend this even for a child costume. Its horrible."
Broke very easily
Runs through batteries pretty quickly
"I like the idea of this puzzle, but when it arrived the paint was already coming off of the puzzle. I ordered a replacement and the same thing happened. Before the plastic was taken off, I saw that the paint was chipping."
Cheap; bottom spinning tip broke during use.
Did not work- had to go to Spencer's and get one that I could try out and it worked great.
"The ítem is small for the price, the size is 10 cm, not 14 cm"
This should really be zero stars. The beads are incredibly small and do not even begin to glow in the dark. I would pay one dollar for 100 of this product.
Colors were very different then pictured.
"Looks nothing like the picture. Very disappointed, I want my money back"
it sucks.i can not get it to work.
"It came with a hole in it, waste of $"
There were no instructions
80.00 is a ridiculous price for this item. The balls are hard to get out of the hole and the hammer is hard to fit in to the cubby area.
"This product did not meet my expectation.<br />the wheels are very weak, and the cycle works only on plain surface.<br />when my kid try to peddle on little level, the wheels buckle, and causes much frustation to him, as a result he refuses to peddle the cycle.<br />i wish it could be as sturdy as radio flyer trike."
"Nothing wrong with plates, just the price.  Just be aware that this is just three separate 8 count plates repackaged together that was store bought.  I found these at Party City and Target for $1.75 per 8.  So they charge $14 for something that was under $6 at store..  My other concern is since the original &#34;store&#34; package is no longer there, how sanitary are they?  Have they been tampered with?  I'm not going to use these because I'm not sure."
Ripped when opened didn't get to use.
Beware!  Package had been open and Shopkins had been swapped out some look possibly fake.  Package was then retaped.  Said on package would include &#34;Special Edition Fluffy Baby&#34; but it didn't.  Was clearly replaced.  Returning.
"Wow....the only thing I like  about this game  is the box it comes in. Game definitely does NOT last 30 minutes..We even made up our own rules at one point to get the game to go by faster..still took forever. everyone was bored and tired out at that point. My husband and I played with our 6 year old and 4 year old who play miniature games and games like Evolution....This game wasn't good. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. However, I WOULD recommend Rumble in the Dungeon (which we LOVE) and Rumble in the House, and King of Tokyo for this age group. Also Evolution if you have a little patience learning to play the first few times."
can't inflate. has a very large opening that we haven't been able to find a pump for. awesome.
These kits were awful. The wood split when trying to hammer and we ended up hot gluing it together.
"Maybe This Device Is Defective, But I Tried To Use It In An Outdoor Light Fixture And The Range Of The Remote Was About 10 Feet.  I Gave Up On it."
"6 months later and the whole thing just falls apart. It wasn't used much... my 5 year old barely stops playing with his cars to use it, so I just don't understand how it is so broken"
"This product is a total piece of crap!  One of the clubs warped, hard pointed pointed plastic flag sticks, and the axle for the wheels was broken when taken out of the package. JUNK!!!"
It broke as soon as I plugged it into the TV. Not impressed at all and extremely disappointing!
"Do not be deceived - this is ONE pack of 24 Wikki Stix at an outrageous price! You can find a much better deal than this - keep looking! I wanted to rate it zero stars, but it wouldn't let me..."
"It doesn't stay on your head.  My little girl was crying because she couldn't wear it trucker treating, because it kept flopping all over, and she couldn't see out the eye holes"
"Wrong roll up, returned for credit."
They suck. Doesn't run have the time
"They Are 3 mini Pirates And Are About 3 Inches tall. When I read this, it said 12 inches but I guess it meant with all 3, it would equalize to 12 inchew"
Very small and thin. I guess I should have read more about this. I expected it to be more like a carpet material...pretty disappointed :(
It yanked out the wires to my controller when I tried to unplug it.
fell apart in a few months.  this is the cheapest 3 ring binder in existence.  I cut it up and reused the covers in a higher quality one from an office supply store.
UGLY! This thing is also heavy and huge. Took forever to get here and arrived with a big grease stain and a deformed ridge above the bill. Returning it.
Basically a see through legging. Material is bad and the size xl is more like an xs. Will never buy from them again.  Don't waste your money. I did
Broke in one day
It didn't work and they expected me to use my money to send it back.  Very vey very disappointed!
Flimsy design.  One was broken when I received it.  Too small and the ad seemed as though they would be larger.  My grandson will never see these...disposing of them.
TO SMALL
Damage item. The shoulder is actually seen into the chest of the costume. Costume is not wearable. Event on Saturday no costume to wear. Disappointed toddler.
"Catwoman's hand broke within 10 minutes of taking it out of the box.  These are marketed more as &#34;collectibles&#34; and are probably meant for display instead of play.  As long as you know that up front, you will love these.  I was a huge fan of the animated series as a child and bought this figure, the Man-Bat, Mr. Freeze, Batman, Robin, Two-Face, and Joker.  I let my five year old play with them so as not to feel like a total man-child, with me being 30 and still buying toys for myself.  He's five.  He's not super rough on toys.  Within minutes both Catwoman and Batman were missing arms and Joker's legs were &#34;wobbly&#34;.  Man-Bat was no good through no fault of my son's - he's impossible to stand, even with the standing thingy that comes with the figure.  Maybe these are meant to not come out of the box."
"This was a terrible buy. I am returning it asap! It broke after one use and my son was so sad, it was his birthday present.<br />Ill be looking for a different one.<br /><br />define broke: The microphone stopped working"
"This system is very very bad!! I've seen so many bad reviews After I purchased, trying to figure out whats wrong with this.<br />It does not connect well, IT WILL NOT TURN ON majority of times, until you try more than 10 times to trying to turn it on!!<br />It'll shut off on its own, showing no connection.<br />I've tried changing out the batteries to new ones many many times thinking maybe it eats up the battery super fast!<br />But its the system that's bad, everyone's complaining about it.<br />I would NEVER recommend this to anyone!!<br />Really make me mad when your almost 4yr old is wanting to play with this and I can't get this thing to turn on!<br />I've also purchased all game figures to play different modes.... waist of money for sure!"
This is not the Yahtzee I got. The one I got has black and red dice. I don't like that one and so that's why I chose this this one. Boo!!
"Haven't played it yet, but purchased it for my grandsons who both told me that they were much too young to have ever done any of these things (and others, just didn't know what they even were).  Their ages are 12 and 13."
"was excited to get this for my granddaughter, but when they got it it only blew out suds. was a waist of money, ended up going to walmart and buying a different machine!"
Too small
"Out of the box, the white logoded cubie was fused to the one next to it. Yes, they can be broken apart, but they still get caught. The top layer turned the bottom layer with it, and sometimes the middle layers were locked together. There weren't many caps for the cubies so they felt cheap and hollowed out. Some tiles piped up, and some cubies in the middle completely rotated 90 degrees. Complete waste of money."
quality of the product was very poor
Followed the direction and nothing ended up growing! No luck
I expected a much larger playing area.
"One battery arrived very puffed up. (Ive read further, and this is extremely dangerous for lipo batteries).<br />The charger flickers and cuts on and off.<br /><br />VERY much a cheaply made junk product"
Very flimsy. There was a tear in the seam before it was even fully assembled
Breaks easily. Did not last long at all with my kids ages 5-13.
Very bad quality. First day of school and the back pack is broken. So disappointing
"If I could give this item negative stars, I would. The car took 40 minutes to assemble and the steering wheel (like other reviews have mentioned) is defective. It does not stay in the car and it can be pulled out of the car. This toy is a piece of junk and it is being returned because my child can't play with it due to the defective steering wheel."
Do not be fooled by the picture.  The actual product is a tiny flimsy plastic pen with an anemic glow.
"This paper is ULTRA THIN and one swipe of a paintbrush will have it as wet as a Kleenex soaked in water.  Going over the same spot even once more will have the paper tearing, falling apart, and your kids will be falling apart as well - upset that their artwork is deteriorating before their eyes.  Do NOT buy this!"
Jnot good at all
Eraser is coming apart and the chalk was broken into little pieces.
Received them and neither of them worked.  What a waste of money.
The ants got lazy and stopped building tunnels after first day. Then many died so I let them go.
It broke already!
"Too Glossy couldn't write anything on it, waste of time and money"
"After one year of purchase, this product has completely started to fall apart! When I called Kid Kraft, they told me it would cost me $47 to replace the three parts needed. My children are not tough on toys, but play with them. The customer service is not helpful, and when their product fails, the refuse to take responsibility!"
Had a rip in it as soon as I got it. Had to see it up before my kid even touched it
Broke the second time it was played with.
The motor on my apprentice is making a terrible grinding noise everytime I give it throttle. Is this normal for anyone else?  I am contacting amazon/seller etc to see if I can get a replacement.   If I have to take all of this back apart and send it back and wait another week to fly that is going to be very upsetting!! I'll update review accordingly.
Horribly cheap costume. The wig weighs a ton and does not fit at all..much too small. Think I will be sending this back. Susan L.
I bought two at the same time.. Just to get two of each.. Don't not purchase at the same time.. Timing on delivery was quick..
Horrible I received this product today 3 pieces of the set are either broken or the pearls are missing.  Unfortunately I cannot send it back at this time because I need to wear the necklace to a Gatsby event this Sunday or I would certainly send them back.
Too small
"It was so much fun for the 1st week we received it! Everyone enjoyed it, However it is not made for the sun at all. It started to tear right down the seam and POPPED with my son on it, pretty scary for him, I had to return it after 2 weeks of purchasing it."
The product does not match the photo shown here. I will be returning it.
Worked for about 5 minutes then died..  Seller refused a refund and I'm out $20.  Those were a cool 5 minutes though
Miss advertising. It is not 13 inch it's very very small feet my hand. Absolutely not recommend.also  broken.  My son was very disappointed
These clings were SO hard to peel off.  I'm glad I ordered 5 sheets because I ended up throwing the rest away - there was just no way to get the film off the paper.  I even looked at the brief instructions to see if I was doing something wrong.  Don't waste your money.
I bought because I thought was metal and would hold up well but the stem broke within shutting y week of using it.uytttnpi
It did not fit right and silicon did not melt correctly...waste of money....
Poorly made and the picture does not accurately portray the product. The body part colors do not match up and the heads are poor knock offs of the Lego version.
junk! thin plastic &#34;copter&#34; blades break off and at least 10% would not even light up.
Package came open. Very upset.
Had a rip in it several places.
"Item was packed badly, to top the cake the guys from ONTRAC ruined it, this is the third time I've received a damaged item from ONTRAC and I am so sick of it. I am livid right now."
"i order this doll for my girl and was very disappointed, the doll looks very cheap.the shoes is to big and they falling off all the time, the dress looks like its made from cheap material, doll can only lay down or sit"
Too small!
"Was disappointed when I got 2 blue and 1 white.  Dipicted on the picture is red, white,  and blue.  Should mention in their ad that you get what you get,  not red, white,  and blue."
Horrible Ballons. Half of they were busted already. Not worth buying
This is much smaller than the image on the box leads you to believe. It also doesn't stay upright. I would not buy this again.
"The carrying case and the tent itself arrived torn and very damaged. It is made of very cheap material and the carrying case isn't very nice either. The base has the pop up feature but the tent requires 4 poles that you insert on the inside. If this was made of slightly thicker material it would be great; but overall I rate it as filmsy and I plan to return it. I'm really disappointed, I was psyched to get this."
"Don't bother.  It's a great deal,  but 1 dress broke the 1st day and the material they are made of is terrible.  Had better success with a different set of dress"
Both motors burned up in one day or less. I got a bad deal because I did not put the motors in my airplane rite away and then when I did and they burned up the return policy had already expired. Don't buy these pieces of junk.
"I bought these for my son's birthday party. They do stink (like latex does, but, you can scrub and scrub before you can get the stink off your hands). I first blew them up by mouth - of the first 20, 3 popped right away. I left the 20 overnight and 5 had deflated (just low quality; the other brands I bought were fine overnight). There is no way I can use these with helium. So, instead, we're just going to scatter them around the house and use a different brand for the helium.<br /><br />The only good thing: They are pearly, shiny colors."
"Why does Disney attach their name to such cheap rubbish? The frame is made of cheap plastic tube, which broke in two places before we even got it set up. The Tent has two ties on it which both came off while I was trying to set it up. And the light no longer works ( after owning this for less than a week).   My son had a Lightning McQueen tent years ago that was much higher quality than this junk. Don't waste your money."
"Should have paid attention to the 57% 1 STAR RATING!!  I have the V1.0 pen and love it. Was teaching a kids' tech art class and wanted a 2nd pen for them to tinker with. The 1.0 still works after a year. I get this 2.0 thinking it will be even better.<br /><br />I read the manual to see what's changed, make sure there's nothing the kids really need to know. Couple of changes and nicer packaging. I happily plug it in, get the ABS Blue light to signal it's ready, I put the filament until it &#34;clicks&#34; (that's new), I wait for 30 seconds (hmm, motor sounds different...), I wait for 2 minutes with it running and nothing happening (uh, lets review the manual...), check everything twice, take the tip off (what in the HELL could be smoking?!), give it a gentle twist as manual recommends, give harder push- NOTHING.<br /><br />Nothing but the strange sound of poorly manufactured product.<br /><br />&#34;Okay kids, this happens sometimes. We got a lemon, I'll call Amazon.&#34; Kids learned all about how nice Amazon customer service is, and Amazon learns of my camp and ships me a replacement with free overnight shipping. Excellent.<br /><br />I get the replacement today and get to REPEAT THE WHOLE PROCESS with a new pen! This time, I'm convinced it must be me. I follow the directions to take out the impossible metal clip to see that 3Doodler didn't think a couple things through-<br /><br />1. The motor may not be strong enough for the screw style gripping gear.<br />2. The filament may not be pressed close enough for the screw gear to actually grip.<br />3. The heating element is sporadic in the time it takes to properly heat.<br />4. The internet is full of people who will create detailed reviews if products are not up to par or expectation based on advertisement.<br /><br />So my annoyed little brain starts googling. And my issues appear to be common. They have sold this pen with it's poor quality to others, and then forced them to do things like wait months or createvideos to PROVE it's not just jamming to get a replacement or money back. Thank god I ordered through Amazon and got to skip that mess.<br /><br />I wish there was a button to recommend Amazon no longer sell a product. From the reviews, I say you got a 50/50 shot of getting a 2.0 pen that works properly and would be better off buying a 1.0. I will personally NEVER buy a 3Doodler product again."
Don't even bother!  The lenses were all busted in shipping and the kids didn't even wear them for two minutes before the bows &/or frame fell apart.
"Didn't want to even give it one star. They do not work. They do not ''swim'' or fight back on the hook, as advertised. They are defective, out of the box. Many batteries were tried to be sure of this. I bought six for a birthday celebration, and nothing I tried worked. The magnet hook must be carefully placed in just the right spot of the mouth, and then the hinged mouth does close on it - but that's the end of the fun. They are just more hard-plastic fish-shaped bubbles. I could not find anywhere indicating place of origin or manufacture - I wanted to support an American manufacturer. Just so you know, it's China."
This product will hold you up if you weigh 50 pounds or less.  Do not buy if you think it works like a noodle.
Cheaply made and almost impossible to see through it. Magnification appears to be almost zero.
Broke after having them for 2 days. Was very unsatisfied because they are so cute but broke so easily. Shipping took awhile also.
THIS DOEN NOT EVEN RATE ONE STAR IT IS A PIECE OF PURE JUNK
Don't buy this!! These are junk and broke when I tried them before I even handed them to my kids!!! String became detached and cork wouldn't make a popping sound.  They can't be returned apparently so save your money and purchase from someone else. I wish there was a way to see if these were junk made in china or the a cute retro toy.  Don't buy this!! Too bad I ordered three and I'm going to be putting in the garbage!
Items were returned as they looked used. Didn't come in Fisher-Price packaging.
I am highly disappointed with the latest rendition of this classic childhood toy. The string is very difficult to pull and the device only makes noise once every four or five pulls. All it is good for is watching the center piece spin.
The product was an imitation of actual Dentures and defeats the purpose for eating
It turned up with parts missing. Really annoyed. Who sends a gorgeous rocking horse with pieces missing? You want a small child to fall off?
The toy came broken. It would not travel along the track. The motor is defective.
DO NOT BUY THIS WHAT A TOTAL WASTE OF YOUR MONEY. YOU GET ALMOST NOTHING IN THE KIT. AGAIN I STATE DO NOT BUY THIS IT IS A TOTAL JOKE.
Just does not work.  The air does not blow out the butterflies as either the trunk is too long or the fan too weak.  Total waste of money.
"All but 5 of these little POS's deflated within 20 minutes leaving me with a cooler full of 1 inch balloons & 6 angry teenagers.  NEVER buying again, complete waste of money!"
I have bought this in the past and it was strong and smelly.  I bought from this new vendor and this batch was clearly watered down.  Will not buy from this vendor again.
The pieces came out and fell apart in a week during normal play.
This is disgusting.
These are crap and barely pop at all. The ones I bought from Walmart are much better.
"My son is a big fan, but the figures are easy to break, and no way to order parts."
It was for my grandchild. ..it didn't like him...its a bed tent onlyyyyy...he wants to play outside of the bed...tent dont stand straight where he wants to play.....the only thing he likes.its Spiderman....tent remains on the box. ...feel sorry for me...because I've that much for it
Seam was not sealed and can't hold air at all in the main float.
One of pieces were cracked if not for that my daughter loved it I would have been very pleased with it only a matter of time till it splits all the way down😥
"No, did not work"
"I have over three years of experience with RC vehicles and I can confidently say that this car was a total waste of money. I have only used it once since I bought it.<br />Drawbacks include:<br />-Very limited control range<br />-very slow<br />-hard to control<br /><br />P.S. I ordered 2, and one of them came broken."
"surprised by positive reviews.  The paddles aren't rigid so are curved on your hand (meaning less contact area), and little hands aren't helped by the velcro straps which don't hold."
"This is a horrible case.<br />I bought this case with an amazon voucher I got for my birthday.  I was super excited when I got it.  But when I started to put it together, it confused me.  The little slit things didn't fit between the little walls.  I also had another problem.  The slits came attached so it was impossible to get the slits separate.  I had to literally break my scissors to just get one of the slits.  I am not sure if my case was just badly made or if all of them are like that.<br />If most are not like this, than this case would be awesome.  The main problem is the slits.  Thank you for reading."
"Horrible range.  This was my second purchase of these the first one I bought at the store were defective too. They work okay if you whar to talk while sitting right next to someone,  but if you  walk away they didn't work for me at all."
"I bought 6 packs, and all of them were open and taped. When I saw  the toys I was surprised because they are false."
These do not pull back and go like advertised.  Only one truck did.  They are very cheaply made and fall apart.
This was the worst gift for my grandson ever! The background is cardboard and the toy breaks continually to where he's so tired of putting it together that he doesn't even want to play with it anymore. Worth about $5 not $37! What a waste of money! Very dissapointed!
"After one year of purchase, this product has completely started to fall apart! When I called Kid Kraft, they told me it would cost me $47 to replace the three parts needed. My children are not tough on toys, but play with them. The customer service is not helpful, and when their product fails, the refuse to take responsibility!"
Cheap!!!!!
If you are going to buy it anyone please don't it is a waste of your money
Broke after a few times of using it.
Looks big in picture but it is very small toy<br />I don't like it
You can hear the motor while Tinker Bell spins and she only spins for about 5 seconds.
the product does not work I am very disappointed.
"They are very small and it looks like a used item, it is having black marks"
Middle tore after 3 uses
Off center
transmitter faulty. boat only turns one way. very dissatisfied. have to borrow a friends to run boat. it is a47 megahertz.
Broke very easily
"look at my photos and read others reviews. the item you will get is NOT the same in the photo. attached are photos of what you'll get which is complete crap. AMAZON how can you let these people sell crap like this with deceiving photos!  first the model shown in the photos is Bandai Tamashii Nations Megaman made by D-Arts  &#34;GOOGLE&#34; it if you don't believe me. I've attached photos of what you'll get....look at joints....you'll need glue to hold this apart, ITS COMPLETE CRAP!"
I got two of these floats and a month later both of them have ripped at the seam
Psa graded or not this card is no where near with that much haha xD
Very disappointed. The online description states 6-8 people can play but the box says 8.  Boo!
Beware! This is only for 1 chopstick!! The picture is very misleading.  You can purchase a single chopstick elsewhere for 1/2 the price.
my daughter was very disappointed and mad
"Another item I should have just got at the Dollar Store.  Those items would have been MUCH better. Very poor quality, very few items worked and the majority were broken. Just threw away!"
"I can't believe I spent $20 on this.  It's made out of that cheap, rubbery plastic that never holds its shape.  Several pieces are mal-formed or otherwise warped.  The wings fall off easily.  Can't even repaint this to make it not suck.<br /><br />Also, product description wasn't clear as to exactly what this was.  Looked like a small-scale plastic model.<br /><br />Can't wait to send this piece of garbage back."
Boats worked one time
"Completely misleading advertisement they make it look like a slide and the headline on advertising says 10&#34; slide, instead of noise maker for a 10&#34; slide."
"Does not work.  Cannot enter any number at all.  The game comes on, &#34;easy&#34; blinks, nothing else happens.  Very unhappy."
What a pain! Super small folds and even smaller slots to stuff them in.  Gave up and threw them away
IT WAS BROKEN WHEN I GOT IT OUT OF THE BOX
did not hold voume or shape
Broke after using it a few times.
Did not work as soon as it was received.  Piece of junk.  Child was very disappointed.
"ok, they work great they look nice, cheap price BUT! they are s***, after 6 months, 1 of these got 1.9V and 4.99v per cell, useless and they are to easy to blow up, always storaged on 3.84V and never put under  3.5V on ESC voltaje detection, get a pair of max amps and dont waste on cheap  lipos (used on mm2 erevo never got hot or warm)"
"Product not as shown in picture, center station is a flat piece of plastic and not the stand shown in the picture."
False Advertising Warning- these are not official Transformers though they look similar.  They are Chinese knockoffs with name of &#34;Alteration Man&#34;.
Received this item and the sound will not work! The lights work but absolutely no sound! Completely dissatisfied!
Did not fill anywhere close to capacity before they popped.  Only got to about 24&#34; instead of the advertised 36&#34;. Very thin.  I have purchased a lot of this size from other vendors in the passed and these are the worst.
"I got the wrong item!!!! i ordered the monkey and I got the panda, not very satisfied!!!!"
It sucked didn't even last a day what rip off won't buy one from here ever
Were broken and smashed upon receipt but outer carton was fine. Not good quality.
Couldn't pull 65 pounds at all. Even with nothing attached it only goes three inches at a time. Boring.
"There are 14 possible string dolls you can get. They make it clear that you'll only get 10 of the possible 14, but what they fail to mention is that 6 of the 10 you get could all be the same one. Variety is NOT guaranteed."
"We have not been able to get them to talk to each other.  I will be calling Amazon to either exchange or get my money back.  Too bad, they looked sturdy and nice."
"Absolutely the worst product I have ever purchased from Amazon, the instructions were horrible and once set up my 45lb 8 year old played with it for 5 mins before the seam on the end blew open and the entire pool deflated and stopped working.  As with any issue I may have with a product I called the manufacturor and they refused to fix the problem because I did not have a reciept.  Keep in mind the box has a date code that was from 2015.  Bestway is a trash company that will not back their products or help you when an issue occurs.  Please save your money and buy from another reputable manufacturor.  http://www.h2ogoslides.com/"
"Don't waste your money, the product was defective"
"Careful of this ghoul. It's extremely sneaky, having masqueraded as a Vault Boy figure until just before my order was sent out. Clearly it is not a feral ghoul, but a ghoul in full command of its not inconsiderable faculties. It may also have psychic powers, as I became very irritated immediately upon opening the package I received."
Not sealed like their description says and now they won't let me return it.
"Doesn't fly, kills battery very soon."
"when the package arrived, there were no arm floaties, and the beach ball had a hole in it that I had to patch to blow it up. Highly disappointed"
IT DID NOT WORK
"The game arrived with no game pieces, and several other pieces were missing. Completely incomplete game."
"Box came damaged and broken , the figure itself was incredibley oily when removed from the package and the figure itself was partially broken with the broken pieces sliding around in the box , the description claimed it to be the sdcc version of the figure but it was the normal version , 1 out of 5 stars"
"I thought the cost was a steal. But this thing is just cheap. Plastic is flimsy, you have to apply the decals yourself. They don't even fit. They have already faded in the weather. This thing sucks. I wish I had just spent the money and gotten something else."
"Dead on arrival!  Didn't take a charge at all.  My old battery still takes some charge, so I know it's not an issue with the charging cable."
"I bought this for my daughter's 3rd birthday. Sadly, this product is cheap cheap cheap. Everything is plastic, stickers are used for the embellishments, it's smaller than expected and worst of all the car doesn't even drive well. It won't go up any incline or on grass. Even on flat concrete it barely moves. I've seen the quality of Power Wheels and this doesn't even compare. I don't recommend this product."
cheap quality
"I agree with the other posters, the plastic ball links are impossible to get on without modification.  The holes are way too small and they aren't threaded.  You'll need to enlarge the holes to get these to work.  Everyone talks about how good align parts are compared to clones, in this case, it is the other way around."
Quality is very poor :(
VERY POOR QUALITY I HAVE PURCHASED 2 NEVER AGAIN
Very unhappy as it was ripped along seam and one shoulder strap on bag had a huge snag which over the course of the weekend continued to unravel.. I unfortunately didn't have time to try to get a replacement as I needed it the next day after receiving it.. Also do not like that it's not suppose to be washed.. You can not have something that is meant for a toddler be unwashable!
"I have launched a few rockets using this engine and they have worked fine. However, the one time I order them from Amazon they just didn't work :("
Item I received was not shrink wrapped as the picture indicates. Also this item had the Quad side connector cross wired and when I plugged it it it started an electrical fire that totalled my Quadcopter. Purchase at your own risk.
"I received the set, read a stack of cards, then gave it away in a white elephant gift exchange. Unfunny"
"Multi-colored chalk sticks yes - but only six colors.  You get two of each... and you might receive them broken into bits, like mine were.  This product is too fragile to withstand the banging around it gets in shipping and handling.  And, even though it claims to be dustless, I was greeted by a face full of chalk dust when I opened the shrink wrap - along with a second face full of dust when I opened the box.  I will not be buying this product again, nor do I recommend it to you."
"unfortunately I found one wheel missing so I couldn't complete the train. My son was very disappointed when I couldn't complete the train for him because one of the wheels missing (the missing part is the inside gray cylinder of the wheel, not the black rubber one).<br />if I need 10 wheels to complete the train then the kit should provide more than 10 wheels just in case. providing exactly the same number needed is nonsense. In this case if one wheel is lost you will end up with a cripple train. (or you find someway to use 8 than 10 wheels which doesn't really make me comfortable).<br />Moreover, they tell you the kit will have hundreds of pieces while you find most of the pieces are microscopic. Small pieces can be put in your fist and you can catch a hundred or more of them. That shouldn't really be considered pieces. They should tell for example that the kit has 10 normal pieces and 400+ microscopic pieces. That should make more sense.<br />I found other brick alternatives that are LEGO compatible and with much less price. I ordered the wheels kit, the roofs kit and a bricks kit with 800 pcs. I think they will be much better than LEGO.<br />btw, this is my first experience with LEGO brand and I think it is the last."
"The description says it is stickerless, however there are stickers (the junk stickers at that). I had a stickered version before I ordered this one and looked forward to a better quality puzzle. This one was a real disappointment."
Plastic connectors are a bit too big.  Must use needlenose pliers to unplug from SYMA X5C.  This sometimes damages the connector.  Will look for a different manufacturer next time.
"I purchased this product to replace my old joystick on my psp1000. Everything fit perfectly, but once I got the game started, my character kept walking to the left. Need to return it."
The magic dough was dry
These do not glow worth crap.
I managed one round of satisfying shooting before it wouldn't shoot at all. At least the cats like the ping pong balls.
"Horrible! The coloring is a strange, uneven opaque blue.  There is no way that this toy would be able to stand up.  The feet are more like Barbi feet set at an angle.  Disappointed as looking for a cute inside out doll but this sure wasn't it."
i am mad as hell cant get anyone to help me get it fixed i have tryed to tall to someone about it  it seams like you dont care and i will tell all of my freinds about it it was my first time to use you and it maybe my last time thanks
"Horrible! The coloring is a strange, uneven opaque green.  There is no way that this toy would be able to stand up.  The feet are more like Barbi feet set at an angle.  Disappointed as looking for a cute inside out doll but this sure wasn't it."
"Bought as a gift. Board is made of lightweight wood, liner has freyed cloth, pieces are shoddily glued together.  Would be ashamed to give as a present. Immediately returned."
I bought 3 packages and 1 complete package didn't work terrible quality
"These are not assorted colors, nor even close to the amount shown in the pic. I received a small bag of 75 blue spheres... For $4.99- not a good buy in my opinion. I'll be sure to verify a count in the product description to make sure this doesn't happen again. We have used the 'Spider Balls' in the past and had lots of fun watching them 'hatch' into assorted colored spheres."
The bottom of the bathtub was cracked when I opened the package so I threw it away. My daughter does like playing with the accessories that came with it though.
They was to hard and they a mediums no grip.. But they ok..
Shaft was shorter than orginal with same part number. lasted a couple of days. over stressed unit and overheated . Blew side part off black motor unit. Had to shut pool down for the remainer of the season.
Did not work over my keyboard. Had to return it.
"cheapm, fragile and all the other bad adjectives possible. it started coming apart when i was trying to put on my daughter's head... DO NOT PURCHASE IT."
I would not have waste my money on this was not happy at all with the product. It is not worth the money.
My item was broken. I can't fully blame amazon for the handling because the construction is horrible. Each piece is not constructed out of a single piece of wood but several pieces poorly glued. It could break by simple dropping it which shouldn't be the case for a puzzle designed for kids. I have no choice but to try an fix it with wood glue but I would say don't buy this.
This is a piece of garbage.  Our two little grandkids played on it a few times and then a seam busted out.  It cannot be mended because it is in a seam and it is a nine inch long opening.  Absolutely terrible product.
This is more like something you would win at a carnival. Not worth the money
Received product quickly however the mounting hardware bag marked &#34;Phantom 3&#34; contained the same exact screws as the bag marked &#34;Phantom 1 & 2&#34;. None of them fit my phantom 3.
"W received a box that said it was compatible with all tabs except the Innotab MAX, which is exactly what we wanted it for. The image online clearly states that this game should be compatible with all Innotab devices. As such, we never actually tried it out, and we returned this software. (As it turns out, we returned the Innotab as well, and got a real tablet instead.)"
"Received both of them extraordinarily late, and they were both the same pieces, even after I paid more for each than other sellers that were cheaper. Absolutely ridiculous."
"Even after connecting to new battery, the car runs fast as it should be for few seconds, but then does not run well; becomes very slow; looks like there is power!"
Character not good
"This title and description is highly inaccurate. This isn't a Guild Arsenal Wave Deck (2 pack). It's the guild wave 2 arsenal box. The description gives absolutely no clarification of that.<br /><br />Now I'm stuck with all the wrong cards, and the Wave 1 box is nowhere to be found on Amazon. If this is really the official Wyrd account, that's terrible. It's at best a lazy oversight."
"Worst toy ever shame on you Galt toys poorly made,horrid to construct..please take it back and frustrate yourself with it"
Front wheel broke where it connects to the plastic wagon base - no return available and I can't fix it....
Not what it said it was
Don't do it.  The arrows don't last too long and the refill pack is as expensive as the toy itself.  I tried off brand arrows and deal shopping for a year before I just gave it away.
Horrible product! Half of the balloons had holes in them. The other half didn't fill enough to pop on contact.
"It's suppose to be a car magnet but it shouldn't be left on the car, I've had my on my car for 3 weeks now it it has become faded and the picture is starting to peel off, would not recommend"
"Dont waste your money.  Bought this as a gag gift for a friend and the sound box DID NOT work.  Changed batteries, DID NOT work right out of the box.  And yeah, the shells do jam when ejecting."
The product arrived in good time it work really good in the beginning the first day or two but now the product is not working right so I'm not too happy
No decals were in the box. I just opened it 10 minutes ago and was checking the parts and found the decals missing. I am not happy about this problem. I'm not going to build the plane because I can't finish it. Somebody messed up. I could use another word but I won't.
Product poor material
WHHHHHAAAT!!! Im so mad...the ONLY reason i bought this was for Picachu..my 4 year old is really disappointed! FALSE ADVERTISING!
"This product arrived dysfunctional. Giving it the benefit of the doubt, I bought 2 different packages of batteries.  It still hasn't worked.  Needless to say, I'm fairly angry.  Don't spend your money in this product."
This toy was only dollar store quality and did not work that well.  The dish needs to be deeper.  They should put a bigger bottle of bubbles in too!
Horrible! No directions. Very little bracelet string. Comes apart
"Hi! The pilot is missing from the airplane and the airplane doesn't work properly. I need to turn it on and off every minute(missing box, instructions...). This toy is in a very bad condition. I wouldn't pay more than $10 for it."
I received two wings of same side. I am not satisfied with it.
Hooks are not gray and black. They are all gray which isn't my main complaint. The cup does not stay on the hook. It falls right off. I ordered these for a birthday party and I had to wrap a rubber band around each handle to get the two pieces to stay together. Very disappointing!
"Rips waste of money, I bought 2..."
Like white yarmulkes - there was no stiffening in the brim. They were cheap - which is what attracted me but given their construction - they were not really sailor hats.
No amount of trim balancing would level this thing out to get it to fly right.
Price is completely bonkers wait till it drops back down to under 30...
Not even a year old and I've thrown them away.  Hard to use.  Seldom worked.  My son lost interest each time they'd break down.
Terrible. Broke the first day.
Very stiff doll that is posed in a weird position.  I returned it. Not good at all for young kids.
We've had 2 of these come now and have died. We've followed the directions exactly. We've purchased these directly from Insect Lore before and they survived and worked. Pretty disappointed twice now!
Dang nab it you ruined it just like anklea zord o wait it don't exist
not very interesting kind of boring
"Sad, I love the style but it also ripped at the toes and I don''t have nails to rp through them. Odd too since the socks feels like normal thickness and not a thin one. Maybe the Ouija is telling me somethiing lol. Fast shipping though"
"Um, there's something the makers of these toys are NOT getting! This, is the Samurai LIGHTZORD! NOT DaiGoyo! Come ON! If the Samurai Gold Ranger were real, he'd agree with me! Get the facts straight, Bandai! JEEZ!"
This item was simply awful.  Our 3 year old wanted to know &#34;why is Donnie's face broken?&#34;.  The piece had been obviously broken before--if not numerous times--and poorly repaired with fragments missing.
"Was badly out of tune. Of course, it is a toy, but it was very badly out of tune. Returned it as defective for exchange and was sent the newer version of this product, not the &#34;Classic Toys&#34; version. I got tired of messing around with Amazon and just kept it. It's been fine."
The picture was misleading and could not use.wasn't worth sending back for the price I paid for it.
"Delivery was amazingly quick. Amazon had a later delivery date, but giftologist delivered way quicker for some reason.<br /><br />However, the magnets suck. my 3 year old gets so frustrated with these munipals trains! i've bought so many thinking that it's just a minor problem but boy was I wrong.<br />the magnets pull apart with just a slight pull with other trains connected. they're great as far as appearance, but for playing with more than one car, they are a total waste. it's incredible that they are not paying attention to reviews!<br />MUNIPALS NEED TO USE STRONGER MAGNETS!!!!"
"I ordered these for a company event hosting over 100 children. Half of these did not light and many broke. A child got the product in their eyes. It was burning even though it is non-toxic. She was crying. I emailed the company and never received a call to see how the child was doing, or an offer for a refund. We had to pull all of them because we didn't want any other children hurt. It ruined my Kryptonite hunt activity and upset the childs parent. DO NOT BUY!!! I've purchased better ones elsewhere."
Over priced! Go to Home Depot. Get an 8' x 4' melamine sheet (usually labeled as Thrifty White). Ask them to cut it up into squares/rectangles for you. I now have 32 (almost three times the amount they offer here) 1' x 1' dry erase boards and it cost less than $15!
This is a metallic sticker project.  It is just a flat sheet of paper thin sticker than you fold.
Humanities new low.
It's ok but it brakes so easy
Disappointing. Really cheap plastic. Maybe my memory is off but I remember the ones from my youth being much more heavy duty plastic. Just seems overall cheap and crappy. Even my 3 yr old could tell it was kinda shoddy. I wouldn't recommend. At $20 feels kinda like a rip off.
"Cheap knock offs. My kids wanted the launchers, but they can rip beys better without them. The beys themselves are also not the quality of the real thing. Really disappointing for the kids."
"Me and my Family bought slushy magic about a week ago. At the time, it seemed like a good idea, my sister and I liked the idea and my dad even thought of it as a good idea. So we took the product home with us and read the directions for it. We had to wait the next day till it was good to drink and when I went to bed, I couldn't wait to taste what slushy magic had done. By the time we all woke up and checked it out, it didn't look like a slushy at all. It was almost like it didn't even change since we had put it in there. Basically, it was a piece of junk. We couldn't believe we spent 15.00 on in. It was a waste of money and a waste of time. Very disappointing."
Would not work right out of the box.
Never buy this! It destroyed my puzzle! I did everything it said and it fell apart! It was the worst puzzle saver I have ever bought. Do not buy it!
"Received styrofoam, not plastic or in the wooden crates as described. Scam!"
Bought it to work with one of my students and it was broken before I even used it.
This product was labeled as new but was not in it's original packaging.  Not happy!
These stickers are made of a Mylar like material and really don't stick well.
Bought these for classroom rewards. They broke so easy. Most kids didn't get more then 20 mins of fun out of them.
"I agree. The cube immediatly out of the Amazon box looked dusty and old. The minute I took it out, I could see the stickers being the worst quality ever. And after that, I find a piece snap immediatly after I turned it. Go buy from a different seller, total waste of 30 bucks. (Amazon prime baby!)"
"I have had to sew the seams on this 3 times. It is not played with, it is a sensory comfort item. Disappointed in this."
Waaay smaller than I expected
The pack somehow got torn and one of the cards was scratched.
Disappointed the cars do not change colors. Since if was labeled as the science lab I assumed the cars were made to change colors. I wouldn't give it a star.
Looked great once inflated and my daughter loved it- but it went flat the same day. Must have had a hole coming out of the box because it was not treated roughly. Save your money and buy &#34;disposable&#34; rafts.
"I bought this boat for my daughter and when we got we tried into the pond and it worked for like 1 min and then cut off and it have not worked since.  This is a pile of JUNK, JUNK, JUNK. what a waste of money and also we paid extra for express shipping and we got it 7 days later then it said we was expecting it."
"I was very disappointed with this item, probably my fault, but its about 3 inches high and doesn't do anything!!! Wow, for the price, I was not happy.....and would have returned, but it was a gift from Santa....."
"This product was delivered to me without any of the connections, leads, or discharging device. In online vieos, I saw others who had a whole kit of things that came with it. The discharging device seems to be a string of three light bulbs and a wire harness to discharge the battery. None of that came with my unit."
too expensive $$$$$$  and the game isn't working anymore
I'd give it zero if I had to... There wasn't anything to attach the battery to.
"Same with other reviews, I was mislead by the picture and expecting 4.  After I received only one brush then I had a closer look.  It still wasn't crystal clear to me what I should be getting.  But that's the way the business is done and the reason they get only one star."
"Ours appeared to have been a returned egg that wS shipped to us the egg did not hVe its outer wrapper, and the alien had a hole in it. I bought this for my neighbor who helps me out. Not. Nice thing to do send out. Returned product. i pId s higher price to get Prime."
"This is a HORRIBLE product. First, it didn't even come with the inflating needle mentioned. Second, the net is to even large enough to fit around the top &#34;ring&#34;. Finally, I say &#34;ring&#34; because the PVC pipes don't make a circle, more like a lumpy square-type shape. It cannot even be assembled."
Poor boxing of product...came severyl dented and unusable.
Not Lego brand. plastics feel fragile and the paints are slightly off. pieces fit loosly but not bad for the price my aquaman hands are different in color. my flash has only 1 hand. cyclops face paint is so blotchy. deadpool has a transparent sword holder for some reason and has 1 leg slightly longer than the other. catwoman's face paint is oll. looks like joker got to her.
sooo small!!! misleading photo
"This item stopped working properly 1 day after we opened the box.  The unit flew properly 3 times and after that, one side of the units motors were no longer putting out enough momentum to lift that side of the copter."
Really cheap.
It's great my kids made a noose and hung his terrorist arse
This was not sturdy at all.  Felt like a knock off.  Was missing the blue side and had 2 yellow sides.  Very poor quality.
"Car is not real HOBBY grade as stated, the controller has no trim or adjustments. This HOSIM is the same at :<br />http://www.amazon.com/ToyJoy-Proportional-Included-Waterproof-Electronics/dp/B00VHG5RFY"
it is junk. I returned it
Huge Disappointment! The table arrived with 3 legs. It's going back!
"My 3 year old daughter chose these to give to her friends at her birthday party.  We were all disappointed when they arrived.  We received 16, not 24, and of the 16, at least 5 did not work.  I am kicking myself for not reading the reviews before ordering."
Was not happy.  It's cute and small but the 2 I received has its hair coming off so it was disappointing.

This thing broke shortly after we got it. The balls stop bouncing and we could not figured out why. The kid loved it while it worked
"Was extremely narrow. My 3 year old granddaughter wasn't able to squeeze in to it, but it fit her newborn sister."
"The cutting on these stickers was horrible!  I ordered these to use as seals for invitation envelopes.  I could not use over half of them because the cutting around each sticker did not go all the way through, so the sticker tore when you tried to remove them from the paper backing.  So disappointed with these.  I now have to find other stickers."
Don't buy connections almost never work.
Very pricey and very small..expected a bigger and better looking product due to the cost
"Cheaply made- I've won better toys at the carnival!  The company was accommodating with the return, just difficult to initially get in touch with."
Came in horrible condition. It was melted and sticky and not at all what I hoped for. The shape of the egg was more of a square because of it melting. Chocolate was not smoothly coated rather just looked old and melted in.
It is fun to fly but the one I received the throttle keeps going even when you shut her down BRUTAL so needless to say it has a mind of its own
"The tablets are extra small in comparison to the Crayola tablets. It takes about ten to give the bath water a strong color. The yellow ones are very weak. They helped give the blue an aquamarine color but over all they are useless. I don't know if all of the crayola tablets will be good, I bought a small box from Target's dollar section. But I will be giving those a shot rather than buy these again."
"As opposed to the white pirate alpaca that the picture advertised it as, I received a pink one with an orange scarf. False advertising."
"The picture and the presentation of the item caused a misunderstanding in me, thinking it was a doll of 18&#34; tall and a pajama. When I received the item I was pretty mad and disappointed that it's only a pajama and priced so much ! I feel it is scamming customers.<br />Definitely I won't go online buying toys of this brand anymore."
"We have many M&D products, including the Pets cube puzzle, which my 2-year old LOVES!  Given his affection for vehicles, I knew he would love this one too.<br /><br />However, the quality is just not the same. The pictures are glued on loosely, with air bubbles and edges over-hanging the block corners. I donut it would last a few days in my household.<br /><br />Oh - and the corners are much sharper than our other one. Not at all what we've come up expect from this brand."
"This battery seemed great, but after about 10 runs it swole up."
"VERY cheaply made! Bubble puppy is paper, hat is thin plastic. Hat tore within 30 min of giving it to my son :("
"I figured I would buy this as the cost of the other 2 versions (red & purple) are nearly the same price if you purchase both, but this is also the &#34;deluxe&#34; version! I was beyond disappointed when it came.. The metal tin was dented (thanks Amazon/UPS), so it would no longer close. The tin is rather thin and cheap feeling, if it doesn't get dented in shipping it likely will at some point. The &#34;nice&#34; felt inside is just a super cheap plastic insert with a felt-ish feeling on one side, it loosely fits in the tin and feels like it would break with a little use. The dice were rather poor quality with many not having fully filled in pips,etc. The cards are cheap feeling, not perfect printing. The cards also need to be forced into the insert to fit in the tin. Overall all the components fit rather terribly and not well. Again, nothing about this &#34;deluxe&#34; version is deluxe except the level of my disappointment..<br /><br />Don't get me wrong, this is a fun game! but buy the standard versions instead."
Did not squirt at all.  Very disappointed.  Not worth what I paid for it.
"Terrible experience.  There isn't any reverse.  It only goes forward, and therefore is impossible to get unstuck when it is out of reach."
"We bought this for my daughter so that we can be there with her in spirit when she spends the night at her grandparents house.  Although my daughter loved the idea, the execution sucks.  The blue tooth connection takes several tries, it doesn't sync easily.  Unless her toy is on, I can't send her a message, and despite our best efforts, we have not determined how to send her messages through multiple cell phones. She has also been unsuccessful in sending a message to me. Very disappointed."
"My son loved it but I guess after 5 months it breaks. Amazon did an amazing job replacing it. Now the new one is broken as well, after 6 months. It's made of plastic so it breaks easily I guess. If we can't return we'll buy a different kind."
too expensive $$$$$$  and the game isn't working anymore
"As others noted, there are no English instructions. Useless."
"Small, slow, even my 3 yr old got bored after 10 minutes.  Spend a little extra and get a big boy boat."
"it came and the eyes were sewn on much below the red line they're supposed to be on. this is a bootleg, and a horrible waste of money, mine was missing a hand (fin?? thing)"
It says 4 door but it shows 2 door edition.
way too small for any of my granddaughters babies
"Unfortunately when the package arrived and I opened the box, the pink flower was DOA. So no amount of sunshine could make it dance. The trip was too much...I could hear the internal organs of little pink flower rattling around inside of her pretty little pot, but alas my dream of watching little solar powered pink flower dance was crushed too. It was packaged pretty well, so not sure what hostility she met along the way. Returned her and received little green papers back."
"The add stated that randomized characters would be shipped. Rather, we received 6 of the exact same character. Further, one of the figures didn't work. Needless to say, our child was very disappointed."
I was excited to try this drone. After the initial 4 min run time I attempted to charge the battery. I tried to operate the drone and it would not function. Extreamly disappointed. After getting the return authorization I had to pay $16.00 dollars to send this defected product back. Why should I have to pay out of pocket to return a defected product. I could see having to pay just to return it because I didn't like it. But not a defected product. I will never purchase from this company again. Real bitter taste.<br /><br />William in Virginia
"Good price considering the price one would pay elsewhere. BUT, it came broken. The bubble mechanism works but the music does not play. A neighbor friend bought it for their son, and they said theirs came broken as well. We kept ours because our kids are just happy about the bubbles even though they do complain about it not playing music."
"I ended up with an item that was previously returned. i could tell because it was 1/2 way put together. the rotating musical portion wouldnt rotate..it was stuck and making clicking noises.<br /><br />If it did work...I still would not have liked it...it was very soft with no substance to it. toys very plush and canopy very plush...so plush it didnt hold its shape very well. BUT, if it ever fell...I would not worry about it hurting a baby...I would worry more about it suffocating a baby. However, that would be with any product like this. The mechanism for attaching to the crib seemed sturdy...I wasn't worried about it becoming unattached."
Box was crushed on top.
I'm VERY disappointed in this backpack/lunch box combo! My son used this less than an hour to carry his school supplies to meet his teacher and the lunch box zipper broke and the strap connecting the lunchbox to the backpack came apart! We left the lunch box attached because he was so excited about it he wanted so show all his friends. The only thing in his lunch box was his EMPTY matching thermos. He isn't even going to get to taking it to the first day of school! Please don't waste your money!!
"This does not even deserve a review as the model came 90% done by someone, we got scammed. Returning immediately."
Complete game of chance. The only strategy involved can be picked up by a five year old after two rounds. This may be a good fame for smaller kids.
"Really disappointed in all Aquabot products.  My son loved them, it worked initially but it stopped working within a week of purchasing."
Lasted for a whole 3 days. Inflated about 10 balloons.
Broke after 1 day
"These are awful. The gold is NOT gold glitter, it is a picture of gold glitter. Looks cheap and tacky. Don't waste your money!"
Breaks after a few use. Bought twice thinking I had a lemon but it is just not a durable item.
"don't expect a book, this is so tiny it is not suitable for children....very disappointing"
"We have four of these pool toys. They were great at first but within a month stopped working. I kept buying different animals hoping for longevity, but it wasn't to be."
"This arrived on time for my son's 5th birthday. I expected it to be better quality plastic toy. Also, the screw that holds the battery cover on was stripped so much that I almost had to break it open to put the batteries in. I'm pretty sure that after my rough and tumble 5 yr old plays with it a while it won't stay closed on its own and I'll have to tape it shut. The batteries quit working all together last night after my sonplayed with it a few minutes after school. I will be returning this and ordering him a different toy for his birthday."
Do not buy this! It's a bootleg of the official version. Do not support bad quality bootlegs. The colors are off and just doesn't look nice compared to the authentic ones.<br /><br />The official angry open mouth Pikazard and are stictched towards it's cheeks not to it's tummy.
I was expecting a REAL PIÑATA not just a white bag with the some strings on it . Can't believe I just  spent 44 bucks on this . Should have gone to a party place store instead . The only thing was good out of this kit was the candy . My kid was not even excited about this piñata when she saw it  . The picture seem good but when I saw it I got mad . The price of this should at lease 15 bucks . 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
"The plastic lenses distorted my vision too much to wear these for any length of time. Distracting, instant headache."
I purchased 2 of these because the first one was not as described and now they are both the same. The description states if you press on Mickey's shoe you'll here the song &#34;Here Comes the Bride&#34; These do not have any music boxes in them they are simply over priced stuffed animals.
Broke right away.
"To put is simply and accurately, it's junk. I had one when I was a kid and the rocket would go 25 - 30 feet. The best I could get with this set was 5 feet. It is poorly constructed of flimsy plastic and seems very prone to breakage in the hands of my grandson."
"A HUGE disappointment! Large describes the no. of pieces in the box, NOT the size of the pieces. This was bought for our 3 yr old grandson, for his birthday, and the box did not contain the large sized pieces we were expecting. This is not designed for a 3 year old & is potentially dangerous for a child who might put the small pieces in his/her mouth."
"Looked good at first but then I saw that it was a clear sticker and it went down from there. When I placed on my car window you could not see it at all! I then tried to remove it to place it in another location, but all the glue came off!"
The fish kept filling with water and sinking so it was too heavy for the magnet. I have bought one before and there were no issues...
"I sent two of these packs to boys ages 11 and 13 and they both said it was pretty bad.<br /> Also, I was unable to see what was included on the site."
"It'sy Baby was NOT what we ordered for a baby shower.... What my creative brother in law did was cut the Y out, drew a line to make it look like an A, and hung it in the middle upside down. Once that was completed it looked like a 5 star banner. But I'd like people to know what they're paying for...."
More like 30 small random pieces.
I love law but this hat is terrible
"I can't stress how disappointing and terribly designed this set is. The pieces only connect together at right angles--extremely limiting-- and even then they in no way lock or hold together well. Anything you build is bound to fall apart super easily. Moreover, the set comes with barely enough pieces to make anything. The box and instructions are full of pictures of things that (read the fine print) you need to buy other Roominate kits to actually build. Nearly any other building set will be a better option."
They wormy what I thought. The putty will get hard and unable to squeeze the more you play with it
Twice in a pool and paint off
No English instructions.
"Stay away from this product!!! My daughter received this as a gift. I let her play with it once since I trusted the box saying &#34;non-toxic&#34;, but there is something wrong here. Nothing that has this strong of a chemical smell can be non-toxic.  The fumes gave me a headache and I felt lightheaded."
JUNK! No belt clip. 6 pieces in less than 5 minutes.
These are too small to travel very far.
"The stickers are cool, but at 4.25 for one pack of 4 sheets of stickers, this is a ripoff!! I thought that I would get 4 sets of stickers when I bought it."
"How it should work: Child sends a message from pet and it comes in to my phone.  I reply to message and it goes to directly to the cloud pet. How it does work: Child sends a message to their own profile,  you switch from your profile to theirs to receive it then forward it to your own inbox. To reply, record and send a message from the adult profile, send it to the child profile. Then log into the child profile and forward it from their inbox to the pet."
This is a piece of material (the front of the dress) glued to a piece of cardboard (the back of the dress).  This is not a complete piece of clothing for a 1:12 scale doll to wear.  This item was a complete disappointment and not worth the cost.  Enclosed is a picture of the back of :the dress&#34;
"Absolute dookie. I purchased this because of the fact it said &#34;waterproof&#34; it should say &#34;sponge&#34;<br />I bought it specifically for a river tubing trip/bachelor party and after 10 min. We had no music. Bummed.<br />I'm am glad I didn't pay full price for this unit. The unit is not waterproof, it crackled and hardly produced any audible tone after some light splashing. Since multiple times to attempt to dry the unit out it won't stay charged or hold a Bluetooth connection longer then ten minutes even if my iPhone 5s is strapped to it with rubberbands.<br />There are far superior products out there.<br />The one star- is for nice packaging and prompt shipping.<br />Do NOT BUY ARESPARK A200!"
Ain't nothing powerful about this car its Worth like 15$ just week ass hell
One arm float came with a hole in it.
Wasn't happy with them at all....they leaked and had to try and hold the heads back to get them to squirt :(
Don't waste your money! It's useless in the pool. The center doesn't inflate. Sitting or trying to lay on it causes the plastic center to rip away from the inflatable crust.<br />My kids were so excited to get this but it was a total disappointment
O&#34;  cuality
Not easy to glue
"I was so excited to get these for my daughter's 4th birthday party and when I took them in to be filled, 2 of the balloons had holes in them and were unable to be filled. I was very disappointed with this product."
"(Updated see below) The pack has not yet been put to use, but upon arrival appears just as the picture shows.  The back pack is roomy.  I love the front pouch which includes the fabric folder (with pockets).  The lunch box is attached on both sides by velcro straps that weave through buckle on the lunch bag.  I'm not sure how strong these straps will be once the lunch bag is filled...but there is an extra velcro strap that holds in the folder, that can be used as extra hold just by weaving it through the handle.  Overall, my daughter loves the pack, and I'm happy with the purchase.<br /><br />UPDATE: The lunch bag zipper broke the first week of school.  The back pack zipper broke 3rd week of school.  Maybe I got a reject?  But when the zipper breaks, the bag is useless as the bag cannot be zipped or closed.  It's unfortunate, I liked the design of the bag.  But total waste of money."
basically no sound
Does not fit the proto x slt (same as proto x blades). Why would you claim this? Also the bags are filled incorrectly (mismatched blades).
I ordered this and got a tornado marine.
This is priced at 34.99 MSRP. I think that speaks for itself.
Horrbile... Don't waste your money. The picture quality is terrible and the buttons are difficult to use.
"This looks like a fun product.  However, it's very delicate.  In fact, when it arrived it was already broken so had to be returned immediately.  I can't image what would happen if my kids actually started to throw it around!"
"Horrible, Don't believe the higher price. One of the ends was messed up and had to be taped. 3 year old was excited but it wouldn't stay up. This thing is the cheapest tent I've seen."
"Product arrived opened with the seal cut. My four year old son looks forward to opening these surprise Mashems, so he was disappointed someone else had already opened it. Will return."
"Storage bag had a tear on it on arrival, but most importantly, the kite was assembled improperly at the factory. One of the supports for the cross bars was put on upside down and made assembly of the kite impossible. I believe with a little effort, I could have taken it apart and fixed it, but decided to return and get a different brand. Disappointing."
Plastic very cheap
"Very unhappy with it , it blew up as soon as I plugged in in very disappointed with it.!"
"They were shown as an add on to Foam Strike sling shot, I bought two of each and these are way too small, and do not seat in the sling shot."
What does this toy do for it to be so expensive?
Not strong enough to pull coins in! Junk!!
Had this hanging on my wall for 2 hours before the wire on the back for hanging snapped from the weight of the frame. Frame went to the floor in pieces. Such a beautiful piece that was so cheaply made. Took me so long to finish the puzzle. I'm so disappointed!
Very very cheap. I'm sure it won't last. Screw missing on the battery cover. Wouldn't be bad if it were around $5.
"Propeller motor would not run. However, was issued a full refund."
Broke first day doing everyday tasks. Head fell off the ring...
Great idea but too cheaply made.  The fins fell off after several uses.  The child loved it however.
These Transformer R.I.D figures blow chunks. The transformations are too simple and the two forms are substandard. It's like they aren't even trying any more.
I was unaware you had to build them yourself and they fall apart easily and don't light for too long. Terrible purchase.
"Huge gaps in the fabric at the seams. The back has velcro that was only half attached and crooked. The top does not stay up. The skirt is so transparent you can see right thru it to the dolls bare legs and...<br /><br />This was inexpensive, but come on. Give me SOMETHING for my money."
poor quality
Fell apart after just a few minutes of normal use.
This book  was a gift to my nephew in another state for his birthday. The book was totally destroyed upon receipt. Very disappointed
"Not one single load crackled, popped, or made a whisper of noise. Waste of money!"
Huge sizing.
The gun didn't even work.
too expensive $$$$$$  and the game isn't working anymore
Do not buy this first off it is fake not sturdy and doesnt give the right parts and in poor conditon
The cost of shipping is not applied at the beginning of the transaction and is way too expensive for such a small and economic Ítems!!!
"I am very upset,cause the headpiece didn't came and Sunday is my daughter birthday....and now? What she gonna use in her hair? So sad! I was totally happy waiting the costume dress!"
My son has the Peg Perego John Deere Hator. This charger worked only for two charges of it and then the green light just didn't turn on when I went to charge it a third time. It was brand new and already broken.
"What is pictured and what I received are two very different things. Beware  if you are expecting them to look like the picture, they do not."
"I plan to write to the company about the poor quality of this product.  What a disappointment!  I will brave the heat, spiders, and rodents to search my mom's attic for my original.  I purchased this for my advanced 3 year-old to make learning her letters and words fun and hands-on.  There are careless errors in this redesign, but first let me discuss the egregious error in manufacturing/quality control: Several of our letters are backwards!  Yes, for a toy that is intended to help teach children their letters, this is absolutely ridiculous.  The front side of the letters has an indented pattern and the back is supposed to be hollow, which is fine -- good, actually, so kids can dump them out and then figure out how to place them face-up without adult assistance, BUT several of our letters must be face-down to be correct!  Talk about confusing!  I expected much better from this big toy tycoon!<br /><br />Rather than take the opportunity to capitalize on producing an improved version of a toy that is well-loved by the current child-bearing generation, Fisher Price totally botched this classic toy re-release with a barrage of poor design choices:<br /><br />1) The board is not magnetic (nor are the letters or the cards).  What I thought would be a good, all-inclusive, self-contained lap toy for the car, I now realize will be a disaster, as the letters will be dropped, cards will be dropped, etc.<br /><br />2) There's nothing to truly keep the cards in place, and since the board and cards are not magnetic, when you lift up the storage area beneath the card &#34;stand&#34; to get a letter, the card slides all around, potentially messing up the letters the child has already placed correctly.<br /><br />3) The cards are not true stencils as I remember.  Maybe I am not remembering correctly, but I thought you could just draw w/chalk in the card and that would form a perfect, guided version of the letters in the word.  Not so with these cards, as they are not true stencils.There's extra &#34;room&#34; so that a child who does not already know how to form the letter cannot use tracing the card as a learning tool.  This poor design of the cards also makes it difficult for letter-learners to identify which letter is supposed to be in the space, since the outline does not necessarily look like the letter shape that matches/fills the space.<br /><br /> If I were you, I'd skip this entirely and scour local yard sales, thrift stores, or ebay for the original version."
Poor quality and a huge mess. Not impressed with the eruption.  😕
Tent sets up easily but balls deflate too quick for a 6 month old being the only one playing with them.
I'm so disappointed just received this package for my daughter and it was completely broken. What a waist of money
Thought it had liquid in it so when you squeezed it had a blood effect. But mine came defective with no liquid and some styrofoam type beads. Waste of money
The second we opened the puzzle only 12 or so worked. What's the point of a sound puzzle if it doesn't generate sound?
I got it and never worked right at all so sent it back got my money back
"The size it states for the age group.is appropriate.  Pushing it you obtain a back ache.  I gave it to our grand-daughter's parents to try, they experienced the same.<br />The handle is the problem, it is great for loading in the vehicle, just not a good design for pushing the car, would not recommend it."
It is missing so many pieces it isn't even funny! I'm glad I opened it before my kids birthday that way it wouldn't have ruined the day. If it would let me give no stars I would.
Birthday present that was a fail...... inside the package there is a place for 4 cars. The package and on the description it states that this comes with 2 cars.... well how can you race when you get 0 cars... lame my 6 year old son was very disappointed to open it on his birthday and was not able to play with it.
isn't like the picture the condition are harable .
"Arm(s) broke off after only a few uses. Kids thought the scream was sensational, but all three had their arms separate the first day."
Don't work.
My son used it one time and the props came off leaving it stranded in the lake about 20 yards out.
Don't waste your time and money on its item like I did. Over price in poor condition and didn't receive original card. Total bummer
For some reason the color black on the girl hair was stain to my daughter hands every time she play with it. Her cheeks was dirty as if it was a use one....
"Very little storage, constantly crashes, a very &#34;clunky&#34; electronic. The adapter no longer connects properly to the unit (just falls out when I plug it in), so we can't charge it. It's still under warranty but I can't get LeapFrog to respond to my support tickets about honoring that warranty. Would never buy this brand again."
My nephew got good enjoyment out of this....for about 2 weeks. It broke. Not durable at all.
These shopkins look fake!  The details and features are off and the colors are different than shows in the shopkin paper.
The item is way too small for the price.  Not worth the money.  I will be returning it for a refund.
"really poor quality, receive without any package , after 1st time open. use less than 20 min, the swan head part was broken, unable to use it. NEVER buy again"
Melted during first five mins of run time not a good product very small wiring
Disappointed in the size. Very small.
"arrived and after changing batteries, it worked.  However it never stopped working.  I shut it off after 40 minutes and packed it up and requested refund."
These Lipo's worked for just a couple of flights with my Hubsan X4 Quadcopter but then stopped charging fully so now iv'e wasted my money & have them all in my desk.
"Very misleading. I thought I was getting 16 necklaces. Usually I always read the reviews before buying,learned my lesson. They should put a different description on the necklace."
"I'm sorry, I really hate to post anything negative but this is not a good harmonica. Maybe I got a defective one, that's quite possible, but this is supposed to be good for a child aged 3+ years old. I'm an adult and I had to blow so, so hard to get any sound at all that I became light headed. I'm going to return this item. I have nothing but good things to say about how quickly I received it, etc., so all was good with delivery, etc, but I was very disappointed when I received it."
Much smaller than I thought. I probably didn't read the description well enough.
It was such a disappointment! It did not work at all for me like others have reviewed. It was a waste.
Difficult to set up  Several calls and emails we finally got it to work as advertised one time - one time only.
"Never worked properly out of the box. My husband and son had to solder part together to fix engine, I think. Worked only one more time. Too expensive to be plagued with troubles from the beginning."
I blew it up and the top wouldn't stand up after filling it. Disappointed.
poor quality broke after 30 minute demo
DUDs. I brought these to a party and half did not light up and the other half were very dim. Needless to say the kids were very disappointed.
"Horses very tiny, but granddaughter enjoyed painting them."
"We played it 4 times.  The game is complicated, un-fun, one way to win, always plays the same, no interaction between players.  Currently our favorite game is le Havre."
This product is crap
"This arrived in a sandwich bag...no original packaging. I had purchased to give as a gift. I can only assume it is used merchandise, or was returned by another customer without the packaging."
"Very disappointed.  I didn't read the reviews before purchasing this for our granddaughter, and after the two-year old opened it, I couldn't take it back.  The records are all instrumentals; no vocals!!  It won't teach her the words to any song.  Big let down!"
Takes your money when you ask to cancel.
"Way to go, Bandai! You messed up again! These are NOT &#34;Beast Batteries&#34;, they're &#34;Dino Chargers&#34;! Haven't you SEEN the English version of the TV show?!"
This was HUGE! Bought for my daughter and based on the sizing guide it should have fit her but it didnt. I tried it on (34 yrs old 125 lbs) and this was huge on me it's not even funny. They need to work on their sizing. Luckily AMAZON is amazing when it comes to returns so I had no problen returning it. Just a hassle especially when it's meant to be worn on a specific date.
The LED light was so small that you couldn't even tell it was illuminated. While blowing up the balloons we had about 15 that burst or had small pin holes in them and after spending 2 hours inflating with helium the balloons were deflated 8 hours later. Terrible.<br />Stephanie
Very cheap. As I opened the package feathers fell to the floor. The Boa was stiff and itchy. I would not buy again nor recommend that anyone buy this item. You would be better off purchasing one from a party supply store
"I am extremely disappointed with this toy. It broke after my nephew played with it once. The string device to attach the race car and tow truck does not work after a two year old only played with it a few hours. It is not kid friendly, and I would not recommend  it as a gift."
I am very disappointed with this purchase. I received only the adult squirmle with a black string.
Not nearly long enough and no instructions. Cheap Junk!
The lamp doesn't look like the picture at all. It came crooked with several of the chains broken. Wishing I could give zero stars.... DO NOT BUY!
"The first helicopter that arrived obviously had a broken gear and was returned. The replacement didn't fly either. The rotors spun and the controls worked but not enough power to lift off. Being a curious fellow, I dismantled it and found serious build problems. Cold soldering, wires pinched in the assembly, frayed wire with damaged insulation, bent frame parts, gears loose on the motor shafts. It is no wonder it didn't fly, but I'm really surprised it turned on at all."
not enough boom.
"I wasn't impressed by this. The picture doesn't show the &#34;drainage holes&#34; that are in the cover. All the holes seem to do is allow the cover to sink into the pool allowing dirt, bugs, and debris into the water.  We have to leave our pool rafts in there to prevent the cover from sinking."
"Cheap material, the case broke so fast. The plastic is super thin. Only lasted about a week"
"Don't waste your time with this junker.  This is our third attempt to use this tank. The first one had its cheap plastic antenna snap off. The replacement only have one tread that worked. And the replacement for that, exactly the same, had one only one tread that works. The entire thing seems cheaply put together and not worth the money. Avoid this one at all costs and look for a better option."
"Do not buy, this kit will literally NEVER be worth almost 100$ for 10$ worth of plastic"
Even the circle clear stickers meant for picking up the graphite powder did not peel off the backing paper cleanly.
The packaging was damaged. The instructions for setup were very confusing and not helpful. I don't think the parts were manufactured correctly
Bought two and both broke within 48 hours.  There is a tiny pin/screw that fell out and the claw doesn't work without it.
Don't waste your money
Cube received was scratched up and looked used. Cube was very loose and is ready to fall apart.
"I ordered this cube hoping to get an upgrade to my terrible Rubik's brand 4x4. When I got it in the mail, it was in a YJ box and turned terrible. DO NOT BUY!"
This is now the second time this pool has had a hole in it. I was going to try to exchange it again but my return window is closed. I'm not happy about this at all.
It did not last more than a month.  Easy to set up. We put on the cement driveway with an under barrier to protect the liner.  By the end of the month the side walls were curling inward on 1/3 to 1/2 of the pool.  We tried more water but they still curled in sent water out.  The bottom liner seemed to shift.  It was only used for my new grandchild and her mother to cool off and teach her to be calm in water in the floater seat.  We covered it with light weight clear plastic sheeting.  Twice put a little bleach in to keep slime out.  1 1/2 months later terrible looking and almost unusable already.  I had one many years ago for my son in 1983 and we did not have this problem at all.
Other reviews said these would go down the stairs.
very slow and poor quality
Don't waste your money on this product. First of all it took too long to get delivered second the shirt looks and feel like something u could buy some dollar store. Real cheap material. And to top it off it doesn't even say &#34;ADIDAS&#34; on the front of the shirt. Please don't waste $30 on this lame product.
POS.  I live in the city and I believe I have great water pressure.  My sprinkler shoots across my whole yard.  With that being said I still don't have enough water pressure to fill the slip n slide. I don't recommend this product to anyone unless you want disappointed children or you live near a body of water and have a powerful pump.
"Great, the title says colors may vary, but when you order it, the price and shipping is based on the color you choose, Green $15.36, Pink $26.14, or Blue $17.92. I ordered the blue, cuz Green (gender neutral) wasnt prime eligible and I need it for this weekend in Vegas (the lazy river charges $30). I received my shipment today, and its freaking pink! What the heck, I am married and comfortable with my sexuality so will use it but the fact that I ordered a specific color only to receive a color that I didn't want. I had a 33% chance to get Pink and somehow I got it even though its the most expensive. I guess I should be thrilled, but I am only going to use it once. Hopefully it works well, but as of now I am very disappointed with this seller as my friends (who are mostly blue collar: Cop, plumbers, an aerospace mechanic, fireman, and a PR manager) will probably give me s*** but I can deal with that and have the PR manager release a statement to them about the color."
"Very &#34;soft&#34; plastic/rubber used for this piece, so much so that it is too flimsy to even stand.  In fact, I believe that the left leg is actually a bit longer then the right leg...also contributing to the standing problems.  Another aspect to this piece that I don't like is that the figure is not made to properly (or easily) hold the weapons.  Aside from all this, the figure IS very detailed and looks amazing.  Unfortunately, since the thing can't even stand, it can't be displayed.  NOT GOOD.  BUYER BEWARE."
Very thin cheap plastic. It doesn't go as fast as the description says and when it came it had a crack on one side. I would not recommend this to anyone.
Save your money!! $30 is way more than this product is worth. Looks like everything was bought at the $1 store. No name brand stuff at all and I'm super disappointed :(
Gave just one shock so weak I could just barely detect.<br /><br />Seems the prank was on me for buying this.
"This was purchased as a gift for my six month old son. It worked perfectly for a couple of months before it developed what I can only liken to a severe case of Tourette's. Completely unprovoked, it has begun exclaiming &#34;BROWN!&#34; intermittently. To make matters worse, when my son is playing with it, it constantly interrupts itself, such that it sounds something like, &#34;purpl -- BROWN! Oran -- BROWN! BROWN!&#34; When you compress the body of the octoplush, it begins to play one of several musical numbers that Baby Einstein is renowned for. Not so for this dysfunctional cephalopod, because as soon as the music-box style tune begins, it is cut short by ecstatic proclamations of &#34;BROWN! BROWN!&#34;<br />To be fair, my son doesn't seem to mind, but I'll confess that it's driving me nuts. &#34;BROWN! BROWN!&#34; And if he were to attempt to learn anything from this toy, it would be that, ultimately, everything is brown."
can't see the dominos and it falls over.  Bought it for playing on the picnic table; but doesn't work.
"The item illustration clearly show a visible date, the coin received has no trace of a visible date, buyer beware."
"Awful product, I got it as a gift to a friend's kid birthday , I could not attend the birthday, and I kept it to use if for a different occasion, as no party came up, I opened the package to play with it few days ago, and it never even got turned on, waste of money :("
too expensive $$$$$$  and the game isn't working anymore
Paint is gloopy and doesn't stand out on our sidewalk at all. Waste of money
HUGE 1000+ pack of COMMONS
Don't waste your money. Led lights were barely visible right out of package. Cheaply made. Ours went right into the trash unfortunately.
"There were 8 individual tattoos in this pack. Even when I used scissors to creatively separate a couple of images, I was only up to 12 tattoos with pups. Very disappointed - was going to use these as party favors."
My 2 year old easily broke off pieces of this truck 😐. So disappointed considering price
Shabby construction
The silicone didn't set even after leaving it over night.<br />Very disappointng for my daughter :(
Unable to open crayon drawer as crayons became unsettled during shipment and are in disarray and broken.
kind of sucks...
"I received the 2015 model of the car, instead of the 2014 model pictured on the description."
"Very disappointed! Its a piece of junk, Dont waste your money on this."
I purchased this LeapBand in June for my daughter's birthday in August. Apparently I didn't pay any attention when it was delivered because when we were getting it set up for her we noticed 2 very deep gouges in the screen. It will still work but I am disappointed in the poor quality of what was delivered to me. I expect more from Amazon.
Ours was missing two pieces...
"I never write reviews, but this is a terrible toy. The flavor packets taste disgusting.  The handle constantly breaks off even if you crush the ice in blender.  Do yourself a favor and do not buy this toy.  Your kids will just end up disappointed and you will be frustrated."
It is NO good<br />Could not even put it together. The pieces wouldn't connect much less extend into a toy weapon. Should have listened to previous reviews.
"Got 2 of the same characters. My cousin was very disappointed, especially since they weren't good characters"
Very very tiny!
Intended to use these as Wedding favors but the ear pieces are way too small/ short.
Completely awful!!! Such a waste a money. I should of bought them way before my sons birthday bash and tried them....very disappointed with this product....
"Bought this as a collector, and was really disappointed by the produce.  The item was chipped and the paint rubbed off.  Package was bad too."
This is not a true 3D Crystal Puzzle but a cheap imitation. It's not the same number of pieces and bottom line do not buy this puzzle!
Makes a TERRIBLE LOUD SOUND!!
This popped after our 2nd use.  I don't recommend it.
The assembly instructions for this item were pictures not words and we found them very confusing.  Advertising this item for 8 years or older was misleading.  Our 11 year old got very frustrated and needed a lot of help with the assembly.  We waited for the penguin to charge and lo and behold NOTHING happened.  The penguin doesn't move at all - my husband who is a design engineer took the thing apart and re-assembled it with the same results!
"Not happy with this product.. It folds and bends in severely. I do like the size.. It is very big. But not very durable.. I bought this product to put my kids stuffed animals in. The top does not close, due to the front bending in.."
The neck is huge and awkward
Looks really cute...but it must not be meant to be held because the first time my kid strummed the strings they broke. And no they were not wound too tight. Cheap quality. Very unhappy about that.
Not as advertised
I was excited to receive this for my 9 month old daughter; when it arrived it was filthy. I tried cleaning and just could not get it looking new. Sadly I will be returning it tomorrow.
"First of all, it did not come with the peak charger described but with a common wall charger.  After a couple of mails, the peak charger was sent to the carrier in Miami (I live in Colombia), so it will be some time before I get it and use it.<br />The first time I charged the battery with the wall charger, the boat performed perfectly.  The second and third time I charged it, the battery lasted a minute or so. I have not used it since."
This product was returned the minute I opened the package. This is something that I could make at home using construction paper and crayons. Nothing special here. This is the first time I ever returned a package to Amazon. What a waste of time.
"Bought these for a friend, who reported that the balloon sticks was severely short of the 144 count that is advertised. At least there were enough to serve our intended purpose. We were slightly disappointed at their quality (cheaper than other balloon sticks that we first purchased) and, obviously, the missing parts."
Horrible product!! Very cheaply made. And water mark doesn't fade away
Received a mutant instead
"No, didn't work but threw box away before I  could return it.  Very disappointed."
"I only received 6, not a dozen:("
"Bought this for $80 and could never get stable flight from it...not even indoors. Promptly returned it and seller issued refund immediately upon confirmation of return shipment. Would do business with seller again, but would never buy this product again. Bought a Syma X5C-1 for $50 and couldn't be happier with it."
arrived broken!  Threw it away because we were out of town at the birthday party.  So mad!
Two piece of the puzzle broke off the day it was used as a mind teaser for 5th graders.
"Worst quality I've ever seen, eyes are stickers and they left an air bubble on one and the plastic seemed as it had been in a fire then sent out to me"
"it worked great for drilling small sea glass pieces for the first 20min, and then it wouldn't turn back on. I tried a new adapter because it seemed like it wasn't getting power. Sent it back. Unfortunate because the design was perfect for drilling sea glass jewelry"
Even hand washing this mug makes the film around it peel off. The mug is not well made on it's own and chips easily. We have had it a short while and it is already in the trash.
"Seriously Didax!!!  I just bought another set of these after buying another set less than a year ago (so I would have enough for my kids), and they aren't the same color and they don't stack to the other set either.  I am very disappointed, and cannot afford $30.00+ to buy the 300 piece set."
"10$ retail value in Japan...10$ more for shipping to US. This kit is literally 10$ worth of plastic it will NEVER be worth more than 25$ max...how a high grade kit that isn't premium bandai got to be almost 4 times its official set price I will never know...DO NOT BUY THIS KIT NOW, wait until bandai restocks and price drops."
"Regarding other reviews for this item, I find it very suspicious that most of the people who got it for free liked it, but most of the people who paid their own money think it's junk. Draw your own conclusions about what that really means. ;-)<br /><br />Anyway... I bought this (despite the sketchy reviews) because I needed a big, realistic looking model of a plane for a stage production, and I didn't want to pay an outrageous amount of money (seriously, a good quality real model this size will cost something like $200 if you can even find it).<br /><br />Pros: it's big and it looks realistic (except for the lump under the wings with the motor and wheels).<br /><br />Cons are pretty much everything else:<br />- The electronics were dead. I tried two different sets of batteries but couldn't get any lights, sounds, or motor operation.<br />- Fit and finish is poor. Parts don't line up perfectly, some surfaces look grungy or scuffed.<br />- One wing is more curved/bent than the other.<br />- The motor under the wings is mounted slightly off center so the whole thing sits slightly tilted to one side (and the bent wing doesn't help).<br />- Each wing has a big sticker on it that says &#34;AIRPLANE&#34;, which looks very dumb (the other stickers look OK).<br />- The stand is thin plastic (not metal as some other reviewers have stated), and it's kind of teetery."
This has been nothing but disappointing since my daughter opened it 1 hour ago.  Most frustrating is that the 2 glitter glues were essentially empty and the craft glue was completely dried out.  My 9 year old also commented repeatedly how misleading the packaging is...
I bought this item only because of the ceramic rod in the middle. The one that I had on my pools pump broke into pieces. I was using a substitute item that was only last for a few days so I broke down and bougt the actual part. It broke in a week so now i am back to basically rigging this pump because the part broke again. This part needs to be made of stainless steel. Something none corrosive but strong. I dont think anybody that can make a decision on this product is reading this but if you are and you want to fix the problem and really want my opinion please send me and email with your questions
It doesn't work.
Horrible quality. The material was frayed and looked dirty upon opening. Very disappointed.
The peppa pig I received was NOT a Ty Beanie Baby!!!!!! It is simply a plush toy. No bean bag tush like our other Peppa Pig Ty Beanie Babies. I don't like being tricked! Zero stars was not an option
"Dustless it certainly is not!  The first thing that greeted me on opening this box of chalk was a face full of chalk dust... and that was only after removing the shrink wrap.  Even more chalk dust waited for me inside the box... along with 11 shattered sticks of chalk. One stick remains unbroken. If the product cannot withstand normal shipping and handling, it cannot receive a high quality rating from me.  So, caviat emptor.  The low cost is the only reason I am giving this a full one-star review.  It is an acceptable alternative (maybe) for children - if you can find it in a store that's local to you, so much the better - maybe.  Would I buy it again? No.  Recommended - no."
"First, the description indicates that this magnifier has an LED light. It does NOT! Second, it's cheap and practically worthless. The magnifier assembly has no downward stop, so the lenses drop down to far. The tensioners on the sides fail to prevent it. I guess you get what you pay for."
Not what I expected; cheaply made
The pool gets tiny rips and tears easily. We had to buy 2 this summer because they keep deflating despite my husband patching it several times. Very frustrating.
"Absolute garbage. No idea how this company stays in business. The bullets jam after they've been fired a few times. I purchased against my better judgement given the problems we've had with Nerf guns in the past, and I've just printed my return label. Save your money and buy your kid something that actually works."
"The part that went through my ear holes was too big and hurt going through.  These were also very hard to close. Good thing they weren't too expensive, but still not worth the expense or the wait getting to me.  Very disappointed."
I brought this to go with my zebra print theme for my bedroom and bathroom and it is literally the size of my palm. For $5 I expected it to be much bigger. A waste of money. I gave to my daughter to play with.
Seems like a good funko idea. I have several. Loved season one of American horror story.  Never got my funko of Tate though.
The bottom slip that keeps everything inside wasn't in the box so everything falls out.
Very late
Looks can be deceiving its very very small nothing to it at all very boring my baby played with it 2 times and never again it was over priced
"They got so tangled in my daughter's hair, we had to cut it!  They were just sitting on the coffee table, she was sitting on the floor nearby, brushed up against them, and they got snarled into her hair.  Here we are, a few days before school starts and her hair is a mess!  DO NOT BUY THESE"
Broke within first few days. The chain kept getting stuck Lesson learned...
The phone doesn't make a sound for some reason
"Delivery was quick I must say.<br />However, magnets suck. my 3 year old gets so frustrated with these munipals trains. i've bought so many thinking that it's just a minor problem but boy was I wrong.<br />the magnets pull apart with just a slight pull with other trains connected. they're great as far as appearance, but for playing with more than one car, they are a total waste. it's incredible that they are not paying attention to reviews!<br />MUNIPALS NEED TO USE STRONGER MAGNETS!!!!"
I can only use half of them because the quality of the rest are very poor.
"This race track could have been really awesome. It was easy to put together, although the instructions were not much help. Once my husband and I put it together, it looked amazing. It's really big, our dining room table was barely big enough to hold it. The remote controls are connected to the track with a cord, which wasn't really a problem, but you do have to stand in one place so you don't tangle the cords. The mini cooper cars were light, held no batteries (the batteries go in a box on the track), but rather had magnets, which is how they move. The track had a groove in the center and the cars had a tab which went into the track. This is where the engineering was flawed. This did not hold the cars in place AT ALL. Consequently, the cars were so light and the force at which they move was so fast (and sudden), if you push the button on the remote control all the way down, the cars flew off the track constantly. I do mean CONSTANTLY. If the cars were a bit heavier, they might have stayed on the track better. I will say, there was a sweet spot in the remote control: if you hold the trigger down half-way, the cars could make the entire lap around the track. But, for a kid, it's nearly impossible to hold the trigger with such precision. We tried to make this work because it looked really cool and had a kitschy-nostalgic vibe to it, like a toy you'd find in the 70's, but it was just cheaply made. Sorry to say, we had to return it."
ok so all the intex tubes 18 i bought last year all have holes in them.  the seams don't hold.  i wouldn't purchase intex again.
This brand and style used to be our &#34;go to&#34; floats but the last two we received must not have been of the same quality. The mesh started ripping within a week. I'm staying away from this float. What a waste of money.
I couldn't get it to work and never got a response back to my e-mail.
"The package was a resealed box (with sticky tape and weird used wrapping).<br />The product was used or off a display. (see photo as an example).<br />I asked for a refund and got into multiple emails with the seller bargaining me down $3 refund, then $5 instead of a full refund or replacement.<br />When i suggested a replacement he said they were all like this.<br />Don't buy if you want your kids to play with a nice gift, buy if you want some used junk.<br />Waste of time and energy."
Very cheap. Several broke.
"The 1968 long-box pictured in the sale is not what I recieved (worth 150.00). I received the newer tall-box, copyrighted/released in 1984 (worth 40.00)."
"i got this a few days ago at the gift shop at disney world thinking this would be a fun project to kill some time. if you think you're going to have fun or have all your hard work pay off with a nice finished product, look elsewhere. this was a total pain in the ass. it was hard as hell to put together, even for me, an engineer. some of the pieces ended up cracking and i was unable to finish this and was incredibly angry and frustrated. save yourself the frustration by purchasing a pre built model or lego kit or something along those lines, not this."
Item was smaller than described. Board was approximately 12&#34; and king was approximately 1.5&#34;. Returned item for refund.
Ordered two of these Shopkins Season 2 12-packs. What I received was two 12 packs of obvious counterfeit toys taped inside tampered original Shopkins trademarked packaging. The character colors of some pieces do not match the character colors of the trademarked Shopkins line of toys. The paint was smeared and the face paint didn't line up with the imprints on the toys. Both packages were still opened at the bottom and top while the sides were sealed with clear packing tape to hold the packaging together. Each package is supposed to have a special edition &#34;Fluffy Baby&#34; figure as it stated on the packaging. Neither package had any special edition &#34;Fluffy Baby&#34; Shopkin inside (see pics) as they had been removed and replaced with cheap counterfeit toy figures. These were intended to be a gift.  Thanks for nothing but a hassle!
"Gave this as a gift - it didn't work well, got replaced, still not great. Buy something else."
"Returning, the balls are way to small for dogs"
"awful, awful modeling dough. and it dries out so easily. i had wanted something more &#34;natural&#34; than play-doh, but after this experience I said &#34;forget it&#34; and went back to good ole Playdoh."
Item arrived in damaged package which had been opened and taped. These items should be clearly marked as used!! Bought this To give as a gift.
I never got my tin just The promo cards!!!!
Wastage of money
"Very frustrating.  Made to come apart easily (smash), however I couldn't keep it together while building and will never get it together again, maybe with super glue."
"No child could figure out how to do it. The sock was shorter than the pattern, so the dino didn't look like the picture. I'm 73 years old and have been sewing since I was 14, and I had trouble with it and the finished product didn't look any thing like the picture."
"I was so excited to receive this mug! But after only about 5 uses, the paint started to chip off. The changing picture is now half gone on one side. Very disappointed."
Got my first one last wee SD slot wouldn't work had to send back. Received my replacement the battery cables to board shorted and camera will no longer record. On my third x4!!!!
It got a tear in it from a beach toy the first time we used
"I figured there would be a real &#34;random&#34; selection of different tokens.  Barely a selection... 8 each of Goblins, Soldiers, Thopters, Centaurs, and Birds.  That left 10 of a few others, a Zombie, Assassin, Soldier, 2 Angels, 2 Rhinos, Knight, and 2 Saprolings.  Not even close to a good deal, even with the price.  Don't bother."
Best great  awesome  best
"Horrible product that broke after 5 minutes!  It totally stopped walking and flipping over.     Also, the on and off buttons don't work.  Even when it did work the incessant barking was very obnoxious and I instantly regretted buying it."
"This is terrible!  It is tiny (not at all similar to the &#34;easy&#34; button) and it sounds awful - scratchy, distorted, etc.  This is going in the garbage! Won't order from this company again - NO QUALITY"
"Molds would not stay together.  I had to tape them. Only 1 ball turned out, all the rest had edges that fell apart."
Wouldn't purchase this
wish it didnt come with wires.i wanted to hook it up to a velineon esc.its not plug and play unlesss its being paired to a hobbywing esc.
they are way too small I'm very disappointed will have to by another set
Toy broke shortly after receiving...manufacturer defect.
Broke the first time I used it.  Absolute waste.
"This table  set is not that good, I regret getting it.it wasn't that stable, the table legs always feel off. The chair is too low, she is not even fit."
It's a nice animal but definitely not five feet tall
The doll sick the hair is not good there's to much g lass beads and cotton in the doll newborn clothes don't fit  I tried a lot of clothes and it sucks
"The Minions colors are poorly painted and I suspect the paint and the plastic material used to make these Minions are not safe for kids to play with.  Although the Minion set is cheap, the quality is bad and I do not believe Universal Studios had ever authorized this seller to build such poor quality product.  I would not recommend this product for kids."
This didn't even last past two hours in the water before it stopped working.  Terrible!
Toy is cheaply made and arrived broken. Side rail was broken and all of the wheels didn't turn - both cheap plastic. Train barely moves when pulled back and made no noise at all. Disappointing.
This is my second try at buying one of these.  The first last o my a few days before getting water logged.  This one went very slow.  The kids were disappointed:(
Poor quality.
Looked ok but did nothing. Waste of $$
The product doesn't work at all. It only makes a sound of the cat meowing and saying thank you. Total rip off.
too thin  a piece of crap
It is so fragil. It doesn't resistence for little impacts
"Signal broke after only a couple of light uses. The drop down switch won't go up on one side. The toy itself is nice, but the switching mechinism is poorly made."
Lacks air flow needs to be bigger
"My son has been waiting to find this toy. He saved up his birthday money to purchase himself. He loves the Imaginext line of superhero toys and has had some for 5 years, without problems. Well, with the Playskool version the main Iron man figure lost it's arm after an hour of play. Poor kid was inconsolable. Playskool replaced the toy within 3 weeks. The second figure broke after only four days."
The entire cube fell apart into individual squares in a few days.  Happy I was able to return it for a refund.
It's nice but u have to take  phone out to use it so it leaves phone with no protection or press really hard on the screen.
"Much smaller than anticipated. May be ok for a 2 or 3 year old, but I would not recommend it"
The product description says they are suitable for children from 3months-1year. These are definitely too small for children less than 2-3 years. They are a choking hazard.
"I bought this as a step stool for the kitchen, to help me and my wife reach things on the upper shelves. It collapses nicely, is easy to pick up and set up, but to lock the side panels in position takes a bit of extra work. If the side panels are not locked in, then it is a bit wobbly. At 185 pounds, it works well for me when locked, but not otherwise. As I am not always wanting to take the extra few steps to lock the panels when I just need to reach that upper shelf to put something up, I am not sure this will be the right tool.  UPDATE 9/18/15 -- Over a few months of use, all of the plastic hinges have bent, come apart, or broken off. This particular unit should not be used by adults, probably should not be on the market at all."
"If there was a way to leave 0 stars I would. Recieved 2 of these items both were defecive & dangerous. First one leaked fluid into battery compartment.(not safe, or good for batteries) Second one barely made smoke & smelled like burning plastic when in use."
"Im a Huge Tokyo Ghoul Fan, But This Wallet Was So Crappy and Began To Fall Apart Immediately. Which Was Very Very Disappointing. The Black Lettering On The Front Began To Smear Or What Ever, The Wallet Was Covered In Little Black Ink Dots with in a week. It Really Sucks Because I Had High Hopes For This Wallet."
it was a hug waste of money. They totally lied about the type of cards you will get. DONT EVEN WASTE UR TIME N BUY THIS!!!!
"Glad I ordered an orange one and a blue one. This one was packed in a #2 plastic bag that was too small and warped the main wing. No matter how much I form the obvious twists it won't fly straight, so whoever gets the orange one will be at a disadvantage.  I have no idea why they decided that this toy needed a bag; the Firefox and generic ones we got just came in boxes. The blue one came in a larger cellophane bag and flew straight right out of the box. Edit: I left the thing lying in the sun and it didn't help."
First flight - fell only 20 feet and found myself soldering the video component back on. Second flight - Lost total control and lost the quad. Other &#34;FPV racers&#34; were surprised by the unexpected loss of control on a simple bank turn.<br /><br />Not in any rush to replace it.
"They are to expensive for the quality. I know it says it on the description but 3 of them won't move the legs; they don't even have legs, they look weird."
"My son saved up his money to buy this. He saw it cheaper from other sellers but he noticed that the joints and the painting around the eyes was different with the cheaper sellers. He decided to go with the more expensive option as the picture shown matched the joints of his other hedgehog. However, when it arrived, he discovered, after opening the package, that the joints and painting around the eyes were the same as the cheaper sellers and in fact differed from the photo. He was very disappointed!"
Very poorly made. Stitching leaves gaps open! should have returned it except for the hassle of return process.
broke in first  IN 7 MINUTES. dont buy this it sucks. it did go fast but then it just brakes.
Cheaply made. Bends and flexes when child tries to press release button to launch car. The crane barely stays in position. The cars it comes with are plastic. Just be aware of what you are getting.
arrived broken
It doesn't stick properly and not usable by kids
doesn't work in water.....thinking that would be important for a toy that boasts submergence
"As others have said these are tiny when you get them, they look much larger in the photo. I bought these for my daughter's upcoming birthday party but can already tell they will be destroyed within minutes they are so cheaply made. They are also so small I don't even think my two year old could wear one. Good thing I spent little money on these!"
"not worth ordering, by the time they arrive, all the sticks are broken"
I would not purchase again.  3 of the stamps had dried up ink.
Horrible
Larger then the batteries with more weight
"Only gave it one star because zero is not an option.<br /><br />After waiting weeks for this item to arrive I quickly realized it was a waste of money.<br /><br />As soon as I tried to put the lens cap on the lens it broke in 2 pieces. Very, very cheap plastic that is incredibly brittle. Snapped like a dry twig.<br /><br />It NEVER worked.<br /><br />The worst part is it cost me almost as much money to send it back to China as I paid for it, so I basically threw money down the drain.<br /><br />Save yourself the time and money and buy a better product from a reputable vendor.<br /><br />Sent back to China and STILL WAITING for my refund...which will barely cover the cost of sending it back."
"Had an EE install this in a project for my son. Even with fuses and protection this burned up, caught fire, and worst part kept feeding power to the motor!"
the balloons are old and have holes in them.  Poor quality
"poor quality, after spending 2 hours doing my grand daughters nails, they fell off in the water after a 5 MINUTE swim!  WE FEEL RIPPED OFF!  This product is POOREST EVER!"
This toy broke after I used it a few times with my student. I was disappointed.
The pouch is about 2 inches wide and 2 inches deep. What can you really fit in there? Make it a backpack.
poor quality broke after 30 minutes the small arm started to get stuck the foam piston became lose wont go up anymore.
"Very cheap, you get what you pay for! Very cheaply made, my son had the flashlight broke the same day he had it, and the lens in the binoculars pop right off, not even glued in. Glad I didn't pay much. It garbage now."
The legs keep falling off.
This product is horrible. It was delivered dirty and the sound is very muffled!
"I've had it for one day, and the mechanize already broke.  Going to be returning it asap."
There are cheaper deals.
"Cheap, inside bag holding the water broke in less than 24 hours."
"Toys are cheap,  packaging was one big plastic paper all the toys were together. Don't buy. Waste of money and time. Crappy"
"So small, it could be used by a Barbie. I returned it"
The original kit worked fine. Bought them at a store and kid were impressed.<br /> The refill bubbles purchased on Amazon did not work AT ALL.  Kids were very disappointed. Waste of $
"Open the box can't flight Gyro messed up, have to return it."
"Don't get too excited about this item, it does NOT! Print up real money like everyone says it does. People are only lying to you just so you can buy this item to waste your money. Otherwise, we've all  woulda been rich a long, long, long time ago. Please, stop listening to false advertising and uploaded videos of people using these fake magic makers. IT'S A SET UP!!!"
Balloons were defective. 3 out of the package including the biggest balloon had holes and i had to run last minute to the store to buy new ones.
Terrible product.  Delivered direct from China and smelled so strongly of chemicals that I could smell<br />It through the mailer package.  threw it away rather than risk the unknown chemical implications
"Terrible product. The consistency was off making it stick to everything including your hands and even the container it came in. For instance if you scrape it out of the container, it is more like a liquid than a blob. Not like shown in the picture. Very disappointed."
"I bought my son's favorite character Rafael and the eye band came brown. Asked for a replacement hoping to get the right one with red eye band. Well, replacement also has Brown eye band.<br />Who would produce ninja turtle costumes with different colors and would not catch during quality control?<br />Very frustrating!"
Terrible.  We bought two and they both broke on the first day.
"The pump didn't ow up the wubble, had to use another pump. Then the wubble popped within an hour... it was used indoors. I wouldn't buy this."
"If you're two years old, it'll fit your butt.  If you're an adult, you can buy another chair and use this one to prop up your feet.  They'll fall off if you twitch, but at least you'll be able to justify buying it."
"Horrible didn't work well for us stakes came out of the ground as they used it the sprinkler didn't reach both sides, useless"
I have a very disappointed 4 year old granddaughter. She loves to blow bubbles so I thought the bubble blowing whale would be a great surprise for her. She was so excited with the first use. I refilled the bottle with bubbles and it wouldn't work. I thought the batteries may have been used up so I changed them. The machine still doesn't work. Very disappointed. I had also ordered a pink princess puppy dog bubble blower and the same thing happened with it.
Fell apart immediately
I bought this and one of the plugs is too big for the Walkera Runner 250. Can you resolve this?
Won't snap together  or hold together well.
"The card is fine it is a useful, sometimes vital card.  However mine never arrived :(."
"Even though the description states &#34;8pcs&#34;, only two of the eight showed up. Was very confused by this. I returned them."
"cheap material, the back is made of plastic as well as the brass trim. Don't buy this."
left a powdery coat on my smooth model.
"When I opened the product, I was very impressed with the construction of this bracket. However, after attempting to attach to my phantom 2 with the GoPro, I noticed that it will not fit. The rounded corners inside of the bracket do not allow the GoPro to fit all the way into the bracket. I will attempt to use a Dremel tool to remove some excess material from the bracket so that it will work with my GoPro. On another note, the hex screws are not the same size as the screws from the other bracket. I was able to use some extra screws that came with my phantom (M2.5×6.3). Switching to these screws allowed me to use one tool for all of the allen screws on the drone.  Update: I was able to grind out the inside corners using a Dremel tool. It works and is holding my GoPro in securely. I am still giving this product 1 star because it is useless without the modifications that I have made."
I purchased this for my nephew. And for the first 2 weeks it was amazing. Probable the best kite we purchased for him. But after that a tear in the kite by the wire for the top of the plane made it almost impossible to fly. For this reason I would not recommend it😞
"arrived today , the box was  damaged, wet with the bottom coming out, the shell of the car was scratched looked like it was used when i purchased a new one. unable to return it cause the grand baby done  saw it for her birthday, how do you tell a 1 yr old you have to return her gift."
"Don't waste your money. Flew strait and tried to turn it, then took a dive. Tried and tried but it just flies for a second and dives into ground. I think the internal battery in the bird is too weak. Stronger removable battery would give it more lift I believe. Great idea, but needs to be improved upon."
"VERY lightweight! I realize it has to be in order to fly, however you really need an indoor gym to fly it. The slightest wind picks it up and carries it away! It's also very hard to steer and will not move in grass."
Do not buy if you child is allergic to wheat!
not as good as in the picture
The charger doesn't work!!!
Cheap materials
We tried building these with our 8 and 10 year old grandsons. The pictures led me to believe that there were screws that would be easy for little fingers to use. Instead there are tiny little nails which were very very hard to pound in and the holes were not lined up well. It is the first woodworking kit my grandsons have ever abandoned. They didn't even care about the stickers (usually their favorite part) by the time we got to that point.
Half of the balloons did not fill
The one I received is not look the same as the picture. And it has a voice which the original one does not have.<br />It's a fake product and be careful if you have seen the original one.
Doesn't throw well a little stiff light works good though
I got two of them and they both broke within 5 minutes. big waste of money do NOT get it!!!
The nail polish was more like water based paint. You need alot of coats to make a color impact and by then it's gooey!
"bought two, one for my dad, one for the father-in-law...both were excited about it until they didn't work.  Made me look like a sucker for fathers day :/<br /><br />Good thing I'm a good son and son-in-law or I would have been in deep dog do...just sayin"
"I ordered these for a concert and when we got there and started cracking them to light them up we found that many of the glow sticks did not work. They seemed to have been old and sitting for a long time. Two of the ones we activated were so fragile that they exploded in our car when we cracked them. Overall it wasn't a good experience, I don't recommend these glow sticks. We requested a refund through Amazon but since they had made such a mess we ended up throwing them away in the parking garage so will be unable to return them therefore unable to get our refund. Really disappointed!"
Useless. Does not work well. Water just sprays straight at various water pressures.
crap so so small
Work for 1 week 1/2 now runs for 2 or 3 minutes and turn off
This was cheap and poorly made. I wouldn't spend $5 on it! Returned it promptly.
This is not a solid rubber torpedo; it is made cheap and will break if it hits concrete hard enough.  Poor quality; so poor we returned them.
Less than 10% of the balloons actually filled.  The ones that were successfully filled wouldn't pop unless they were thrown at the ground.  This was the biggest waste of money I've ever spent.  I would like to return this item for a full refund but I'm unsure how to accomplish this desire.  I would never recommend this product to anyone and I will definitely never purchase it again.
It broke after about an hour playing with it.
Terrible. Each one fell apart at first attempt to use them. Threw them in the trash. Waste of money.
"My mother bought this for my son.  The knock of wheel nuts fell off when we took the car out of the package.  The quality of the model is not as high as other models we own.  I am very disappointed considering the price of this model.  I am currently trying work with the vendor, Awesum, to return the model."
One was already cracked when received kids enjoyed them
"If I could give it zero stars, I would. Received a defective helicopter twice. This was a gift for my nephew who lives out of town and he was very disappointed (again twice) to have to return it. Please don't waste your money on this product."
Broke the day we relieved it
After few days it was ripped. Too bad because of my kids...
fake
"When I first opened the package there was broken glass from the shattered light bulb, then when I pulled out the lamp shade that, too was damaged. When I finally got to the lamp, I found that the plug was for a European plug with the two round prongs. This item can't even be used here."
This is garbage. I ordered my first one and it didnt work so i got a replacement and suprise! it still wont so much as even flash its lights after putting in brand new batteries I still got the same result. The first one might be passed off as a defect but two in the same week! Ridiculous.
seller was prompt in shipping.  The product itself was poorly made and broke within one week
I ordered a replacement and it did not work.  Both items were defective.  Amazon charged a restocking fee for an item that is defective.
This thing looks cool but sucks. It only does fun magic fake tricks. Roll your own money into the roller then lay down another dollar bill on the pad and changes it to the dollar that's already rolled up. This crap don't work like everyone says it does with their lies.
My daughter saved her money and bought this backpack for the new school year. We got it she loved it but by the third day of school the handle pulls all the way out on one side. It's very disappointing the poor design on this backpack
Deflated within 10 minutes;-(
"I bought this from seller &#34;lovesky225&#34; and this figure is straight out crap, just lots of defects, accessories doesnt hold or stay up together and the right thigh just below the short, has this bulge and its not just right."
"Item did not work at all.  Replaced battery - still did not work.  Was a birthday gift for someone, and I had to go find something else.  Really disappointing."
Slide lasted less than a week before the seems fell apart and it broke
They only got as big as a bouncy ball and fell off
"Such a HUGE disappointment. We love games, and when our daughter was &#34;into&#34; Thomas, we thought it would be great to add this to our game closet. That was a few years ago. We've pulled it out a few times since then, and every time get bored after the first few spins and never finish. The game is terribly designed. The general concept is you play as one of 4 of the classic characters, spinning a wheel to move spaces around the island, stopping at stations to perform an activity until you eventually reach the end. Before you start, you decide which stations you want to land on, then it's the luck of the spin as to whether or not you land on them, and whether or not you have to circle around the island again. The activities at each station are lame. At one, you pretend to eat an ice cream cone, and that earns you the station's star. At another, you sing your favorite song. At another, you choose a card that displays a number of rabbits and ask the other players to guess how many rabbits are on the card. These aren't even interesting to our 4 year old. The worst part is it takes A LONG time to move from station to station, and if you miss, you have to circle around again. The game could potentially go on forever. It's just boring and too long. Terrible."
I purchased 2 of these and one did not work. The second died shortly after arrival as well.
The product has very poor cuality
Difficult for kids. My son is 3 and he can't open and shut.<br />This toy is to small and expensive !! I don't like it!!
stupid cards my son hated it. not worth it.
"After waiting quite a while, I received 10 Thors.  The only saving grace is my children's imagination."
I bought this for my son and its awful!  Sounds like a bunch of static!
Do not purchase! I received a bag full of cheap styrofoam that was poorly molded together to look like food. I would never even dream of giving my child this.
"Roman coins of this quality can be had for less than $10, and that is full retail.  Price offered here is a complete ripoff."
Super soft dough was hard and crumbly. Crayons and markers were as expected
Simply moves the chalk around into big messy piles.
"Tore after only a few times of using it.  Very comfortable, but not very durable!"
"Picked this Gamit figure up for the playing cards only. What I didn't know was there are no other cards other than what you see on the picture. That did not help me as I was hoping to use an entire deck of cards to build a hilarious diorama involving llamas at a taco stand. As for the Gamit figure, he looks kind of goofy, so I threw him away."
The quality of this product was very low. Although delivered on time...most of the tools fell apart completely after simply taking them out of the belt. My son was very disappointed.
I didn't reacive the wallet
"Not worth the money at all!  Must have a small leak in it somewhere as we have not been able to keep air in it to maintain proper inflation.  Seams do not seem like they line up well and the ports are not aligned with the pool material for adding or draining water to air.  Nice depth, and size.  Too bad it won't stay inflated!"
Its has a hole on the left arm
"My son was very disappointed with this machete. It was missing paint just out of the box, and was flimsy and bent easily. Within a few days it was broken.  This is in contrast to the zombie sword and hatchet he also got.  Overall, it just seemed cheaply made."
"these balls showed  up on my feed while ordering sensory items for a classroom for children and young adults with special needs. when they came I was surprised how rough their edges were, and the one with cones would be dangerous. They were wrapped in a bag from oriental trading. not a lot of money but sure shouldn't show up as good for kids who need tactile items that are safe."
No english instructions provided.  Even though the description claims it does.  Do not buy unless you read Japanese.
"Very cute, but not durable. Bought 3 of these in February and all of them have holes. Amazon's return window is now very short, so by the time I realized they were not durable enough it was too late to return them."
"Don't bother, this doesn't work well and is a big disappointment."
It was not worth nearly as much as it was.  It should be sold at dollar tree for a 1$ not 25$. We ordered almost five and never got our money back. None of them lasted a day
All the ones I bought had holes in them when they came or sprung a leak on the seam the day the kids played with them. This was a clearance item and i should have stayed away.
The water easily leaks out of the cap. Very poorly designed. I'm shocked this is a #1 seller. Not recommended.
"Very poor quality. Apparently, the head and arms were held on by a single stitch. Little use yielded a body missing arms and a head. Terrible."
Too many batteries and too noisy
I was so excited for this and am so Dissapointed. My 8 year old niece sat in it and it sank really far in the water. It was fully blown up too. This isn't meant for an adult at all! It has you completely under water and slightly floating. Awful.
Will not &#34;drink&#34; like it should.
No life in stick
only 24 toys not 144pcs. cheating posture.
"This is not good. Total waste of money. Very, very cheap.<br /><br />The back is just made of cardboard and the net would not stay on the hoop. I bought it for the backyard for the kids to attach to their swing set. It didn't even last five minutes. The cardboard &#34;backboard&#34; was actually used as part of the packaging so it came in the mail kind of beat-up.<br /><br />But at least it was pretty cheap, still not worth the money. Would have been better off buying them an ice cream cone with my five bucks."
"Had this for less than 1-day.  I have experience flying drones so this one was a no brainer.  It was a lot of fun to fly and easy to control and maneuver.  The 1st flight was flawless!!! The second flight was going great for about 5-minutes!!!  Half-way through the flight one of the propellers seized up and stopped working.  The motor started to smell like something burning, but no actual smoke.  Turning all of the other propellers was nice and easy, but this last propeller was difficult.  You could actually hear the motor &#34;crunching.&#34;  This looks to possibly use electromagentic fields (copper wire around a spool) like a Faraday motor.<br /><br />I think the lessen here is that you get what you pay for.  Haktoys has no website and no contact information to reach them."
"Hard to use, much smaller than the picture. Half of them break instantly."
This is not a Ben10 costume! I am a parent who ignores which character is which. I feel misled because I searched &#34;Ben10 costume&#34; and this was (still is) one of the first hits.
The stroller is cheaply made. I had to re sew the ripped parts. My 2 Year old loves it but it is not a quality product. I wish I could give it 1 star but despite the problems daughter loves it!. Ended up throwing it away and bought an umbrella stroller from babies r us. Good quality and only 9$.
Got a bird design instead  of beautiful peony flowers......very disappointing!!!
IT CAME IN WITH MESSED UP HAIR! IT CAN'T BE A ROCK'N HAIRSTYLES DOLL WITHOUT ROCK'N HAIR!!!! So dissipointed i waited 4 weeks to have enough money for this so sad and mad. ;(
Usually don't post if I'm not happy but you need to know these things just do not work well.  They are very hard to fit on and it takes so much pressure to apply they bend.  Not happy with product.
no where near the size they say they are. extremely disappointed
Lost air and popped within a day.  I should have sent them back but at $10 it wasn't worth my time.
Beads are rough and splintery inside making it very difficult to pass the shoelace through the hole.
It was torn when I received it.
The mask stuck to the packaging and the paint came off.  It is now really sticky.  It's as if the manufacturer put it in the packaging before it was dry?
"These toys brake very easily and would definitely be a choking hazard for small kids. The tail on the creature suit broke off while playing, no force was really used and it just popped off."
This thing quit working within a week.
"Agent May rocks, but this Funko Pop does NOT. While the overall design - aesthetically - is very nice, the actual manufacture of it is not. What's up Funko? C'mon! Regretting the money I paid for this one. Clearly someone at Funko has no concept of physics because May's body is so thin and her feet so small that her heavy head (more on the head later) clearly takes command and she falls over every.single.time. She is now leaning against a mirror so that she can stand with the rest of my collection. Shame. Re the head, the last couple of Funkos I've purchased have come out of the box with the heads tilted slightly to the right and not straight. Again, MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT. Hoping Funko gets their act together before the September 1, 2015 release of the Agent Carter one. 'Cause nobody messes with Peggy Carter!!! Come on Funko...hear us."
"First one came and didn't work, second one came and worked for about 5 mins.  Had a really sad nephew!"
"This beauty came ON my son's birthday, he was ecstatic!!! Used it once and it worked great. Took it down the shore and drove it on the flat inground pool water, worked beautifully and the lights were gorgeous!!! Tried it the next day and the center propeller just kept spinning and nothing would stop it. So if you want this as a shelf model then buy it for sure!!!!!  If you want disappointment and complete heartbreak from your child he is 12 by the way and a complete obsessed Titanic fan. This was one of the best we have bought and even it is defective. Do they even make a ship that works more than one-two times?? Haven't found one yet, sadly :("
Flimsy.  Its going  back.
"When I had purchased the items i expected the get a bag of  gemstones of all shapes, sizes and colors, however what i received was totally different. the bag contained shape pieces of  mirror, large gemstones some broken and scratched. I am very disappointed"
"I just got my doctorate, bought this thinking it was a kit I could use at the office, but obviously not. It says it's a &#34;first Dr. set&#34;. What a rip-off."
"Horrible, I ordered a limited edition secret rare and i got an unlimited version. I'm very disapointed."
"Total rip-off, or even worse a scam. These look like trampoline parts online.  But, they are actually tiny little parts that are way too small for a 13 ft trampoline as advertised."
horrible i ordered these and they are falling apart they are the wrong color AND there is one unknown random character. these are deffinately rippoffs or bootlegs STAY AWAY!!!!!! i would buy the 20 dollar figures so they would be in better shape LIKE THE ACTUAL MERCHINISE FIGURES
"Legs were broken when it arrived.  Very cheaply made, and a very poor design.  Ended up returning and ordering a more expensive but much better remote control spider."
I could see the paint was scratched before opening the inside packaging. Returned immediately as it was a gift.
"The reason why I am only giving it one star is because the back pack I received doesn't have  the picture of all four kids like it is showing in the picture, instead we received the back pack with the two girls only."
The toy is smaller than 12 inches.
This only lasted one camping weekend- 2 days and now it won't turn...
Too small
this fell to pieces the instant we got it. It looked sturdy in the picture but the construction is shoddy. We did get a full refund.
Does not work on NiMH. I bought it for my new MERV with a 7.2v 6cell 1200mah and it says flashes that it is fully charged but when I connect it to my model car it only runs for 2 minutes. I set the charging for NiMH 1.2amp 1200mah and 7.2v but it just stops charging it within 5 minutes.
"Not as sturdy as I expected. Each level piece was bowed a little, so it was difficult to get to fit together right. There is probably a better product out there. Would not recommend."
"Product did not work, gear missing from rotor. Company did provide refund."
"There is nothing like trying to set up this waterslide while four children already wearing bathing suits watch with baited breath. Obviously whoever wrote the instructions on the sheet and on the box had no idea how this slide should be set up.  First I helped my neighbor set up a single-lane version of this slide, and the instruction sheet was meaningless--it did not even show how to connect the slide to the hose or why two connectors were provided, one fitted inside the other. Nevertheless, I decided to invest in the triple slide because my grandchildren were coming for a visit. The same sheet of vague instructions came with the triple slide, and they were _still_ not applicable!  The outside of the box says to fill the ramp with water, but we found out the hard way that you only fill two small _side pouches_ with water. The middle section is to be filled with air, which we accomplished using the inflator for an air mattress. (Do this first before adding any water, and make sure all the air and water openings are closed tightly.) For a while a water leak from one of the openings prevented our tube from filling all the way, but eventually the slide performed well--water spewed from both sides, and a nice splash pool gathered at the end. After about 15 minutes, the end of the splash pool got a huge hole in it (the 2-inch patch provided in the box is a joke), so we had to close the tube with a clothes pin in order to force the water out of the holes on the left side, which allowed the slide to stay wet. The kids had been jumping over the ramp anyway, so we found that by turning the slide end-for-end down a slight slope, a pool of water gathered against the ramp at the bottom, and the ramp nicely launched our rough-and-ready group into the grass, which they enjoyed. At last check, the ramp had also deflated, but luckily the kids wore out before it did. Six college graduates never did figure out why the second hose connector was included. I suppose Bestway Toys could care less about the quality of their product now that they have my $26, but I would certainly not recommend their brand to anybody else."
mooooooooooo stupid cow . you suck pokemon kard
"I just gave this as a gift, almost a year after purchase, so now I cannot return it. The directions are terrible and the drill only operates to take it apart, not put it together. I am very disappointed."
"Some pieces weren't cut properly, thus, the puzzle was a pain to put together."
Strap was broken when I received it and it was for Christmas so no time to return it
"The bottom mesh was not fully glued to the tube when I opened the package, after one day of use it tore off entirely. The tube slowly deflated during use and nedeed constant upkeep. Overall build quality was poor."
bad quality.. I wouldn't buy it again that forsure
Was missing the hamster when it arrived.
"Beware! This is not a 3 pack, we ordered and you only get 1 balloon."
I have another that was cheaper and was not near as hard to fly. Plus this thing is trash anything over 5 bucks would be too much to pay
Does not glow like pictures at all.  Not even close.  Wasted my money.  Cost too much to ship back.
"Too large, wrong proportions"
Very detailed statue from Good Smile Company but it's way overpriced for the size.
"The item which I received was not like the one depicted and described above. This is obviously a cheap knock off. I am adding pictures as a warning to others. Note the differences. The box has no latch. There are only 2 sets of brass stripes and not 3 across the front of the box. The only lining is in the lid of the box. The anchor inlay on the lid is obviously a cheaper rendition. The sextant itself is very different. It is not engraved &#34;Hampton Nautical&#34;, it has no engraving at all. Note the slow motion control; on the one I received it is located underneath and is very loose. The built-in-magnifier is nothing like the one in the picture. There are 4 swing-arm filters and not the 6 depicted and described. This is not what I paid for and I would really like to have the one that is described here, but it would appear that, that is not going to happen. I am extremely DISAPPOINTED Amazon! This is nothing short of irresponsible behavior."
Not water proof... Don't waste your money
I didn't meet me expectations. The photo in your site showed three different posters in this pack. It came with three of the same poster. Disappointed girls in my house.
Figure was very nice but I can't give it the usual 5 stars that I would usually give something like this. That is because it broke due to a manufacturer defect. Figure was returned and cost was refunded immediately.
Broke when I was driving the axel randomly snapped
Used 3 times and already has a leak. Second day of vacation and nothing for my son to use in the pool.  What a waste of money...he loved it while it lasted.
"The photo in the ad shows an Angell AirBus, but when you put it in the Cart, it shows a picture of another plane that is not the AirBus !"
The Lil' Kawasaki Power Wheels is really cute and well made except for the plastic tires they spin and cannot get going on hard surfaces.Fisher Price needs to do something different with the hard plastic wheels.  I would buy another if the wheels were made of something else a softer griping product.
"The cube I got looked nothing like the one in the picture, it was missing a few pieces, easily breaks apart and feels like cheap thin plastic. Not even close to what I expected it to be, I mean seriously, a cheap knock-off of a ShengShou, I know what they're supposed to look like and that wasn't it."
Pieces missing advertised complete
"coat fell off, joint of the neck fell off, some of the hands were missing,box was damaged."
Ducks don't float right side up. Always upside down. Also way smaller than expected
"These are super cute and a great idea but before my 3 year old could even use them they broke, and she wasn't being rough with them.. Very cheap products and very sad to see her so dissapointed"
The price is very high. The toy is very small. We are not happy with the purchase.
Mike Rowe is constantly endorsing items made in America. Why is China making HIS bobblehead? I would not buy this based on principle. Just saying.
I have ordered this item 3 times and every time they send me the wrong thing. I ordered based on the description. I says comes with a hub that makes train sounds. You can even see it in the picture. They continue to send me one with out it. Just a plain plastic hub. I wish someone would read the reason why I was returning them.
Don't waste your money on this item.  It was literally 2&#34; glow sticks.  I didn't realize these were so small.  Not really sure what to do with them.  They're small and thin.
Cute idea! Disappointed that it arrived broken!
"Very poor quality, buttons stuck after a few pushes."
"I received this product today, opened the box, which was undamaged, and discovered that the wing was too big for the box.  It had been pushed in so hard that the end of the wing was curled up and cracked.  The box is obviously too small for the wing."
Smaller then I was hoping
"flimsy, don't know how long it will last. also did not come with a hose adapter, you have to buy one separately."
"I hate this toy!  It is way too loud.  If it had a volume adjuster, I would give it 5 stars.  I think even my 3 year old, who is a loud outgoing child, thinks this toy is too loud.  Between the loud siren and flashing lights, this toy drives me crazy."
"Does not fit the Estes Proto X Nano. The holes are too small. You can force them onto the motor, but good luck pulling them off."
"I bought Pass the Pickle for my grandchildren. I found it in a bag of items being donated. I asked why they were getting rid of it & they told me that it hadn't worked since the day after I gave it to them. So it worked for 1 day. It was not a battery issue. New batteries, still didn't work."
Toy arrived broken. Tail fell off with first brushing. My child is crying and won't let me glue it. Will fix after bedtime. Not sure if this was a return at one time or sold as new.
"The holes on carbon balls are not accurate to make some molecules like co2 or c2h4, c3h8, etc. where they are supposed to be in a straight line bonding the other atoms. My daughter has been waiting anxiously to make her molecules and now she can't! Waste of my money!"
Wasn't worth the money. It is not kid friendly. The cars were OK. The item itself seemed like a knock off version of the real one. The only reason I bought this was because JCPenny didn't carry it any more. Don't waste your time or money.
"As usual with instructions that are written abroad, this wagon is almost impossible to put together. One of the greatest difficulties is that it must be done with exact attention to the order of the instructions. If you make a mistake, it is almost impossible to go back as many of the caps to various parts, once pounded, cannot be reused. Moreover, the first time I used it, it fell apart.<br />This wagon is an item to stay away from."
"Does NOT retain air very well.  After inflation, it goes completely flat in two-three days even when not in use."
"flimsy, the canopy wasn't sturdy either"
meh
I got a big junk of square magnet the strong chrome looking magnet did not come with it and the piece of black magnet sticks to the thinking putty like gum and doesnt come of unless you try to scrap it of with a knife
Just got this last week and the bottom plastic of the back wheels keeps coming off.
Not at all like the picture...I ordered these for my classroom and was unable to use them.....
"Despite reviews that the bullets get stuck, I took a chance on it because it looks cool and my son would love it if it worked. Well those reviewers were right - the gun is constantly jammed. The bullet is hollowed out nerf - a pin in the chamber has to slide into the hollow part in order to load each round. If the bullet is even slightly misshapen (which they all pretty much are because they are soft nerf) the pin doesn't line up with the hole, so the bullets just get crushed and jammed in the chamber. The QA tester for Nerf must have been on vacation when this toy came up for review. Would definitely not recommend."
Not good at all to small for d price.
It shoots about ten feet. Pretty lame.
I wasn't disappointed by the service. But I was very disappointed with the model kit. The quality is cheap.
"This is my second time buying this card here, hopefully I'll receive the correct rarity this time! :D"
"For couples who have a lot of communication issues only.  I thought it would be fun to try to out and use as a therapist, but the game is for people with serious relationship problems.  It is just too simple for strong relationships.  It felt silly even trying to play it, we already knew all the things we were going to say.  We were not able to learn anything new from it."
"I found this item to be of poor quality. The third time I used it, a white putty like substance came out of it."
"This chair is of very poor quality.  I just received it and, firstly, it was horrible to put together.  The holes did not match up!!!!  It was ridiculous!!!!!!  After going through the trouble of finally getting this thing put together, I didn't want to go through all the trouble of taking it apart and sending it back.  I bought it for my grandson's 2 year old birthday as he loves to rock.  It's just going to have to do for now anyway.  Bottom line - Do Not Waste Your Money On This Cheap Piece of Furniture!!!!!"
"The earrings that were sent to me were bigger and more gaudy than ANYTHING I'd ever even worn in the 80's! Really, really bad... I sent a request for a refund; I'd better get it!"
Worst thing that I have bought. The bubble mechanism is poorly designed and fails to function properly.
The original battery Last longer than this
The actual costume is not what it looks like in the picture.  The eye patch is garbage- it's a piece of black material that you tie over your eye resulting in half of the kid's face being covered.  There is NO hook or hat!!!  Very misleading.
"Well it looks far cooler than it is. He doesnt stand incredibly well, he is hard to position and holding a weapon is precarious- verging on the impossible. The paint job and general appearance is decent, and he looks just like the character does in the game. However I feel like the flawed and shoddy execution ( for the price it should be much better) is just indicative of Blizzard as a really bad gaming company, they have become greedy, apathetic, incompetant, and really have forgotten what a great and loyal game company they USED to be, they only make games and products to make money not satisfy customers. I bought this but with all the unresolved problems I have had with their games and that incredibly infuriating battlenet and the terrible customer service I will never spend another cent towards their products. Sideshow is also to blame but Blizzard approved the product, or if they didnt then they should of- either way another fail in Blizzards long list of total letdowns and poor service. Box is crap foam and the light up features do not work on mine. Figure could have been half the size and twice the quality and it would have made all the difference in the world. Blizzards new slogan must be &#34;who cares if its crap someone will still buy it, and as long as we have the customers money who cares if it works or pleases the customer&#34;. If I didnt own about every Powered Armor Action figure and model kit ever made I would get rid of it."
The bodice was too tight and didn't snap together.  The flat shoes didn't fit the feet made for high heel shoes.
worked about 5 times and then broke
"This pan/tilt unit is ok if you use a very light camera, like the X10 cameras.  The tilt function doesn't have enough power to bring the camera from a tilted position back to a level position for heavier or longer cameras.<br />Another drawback is that it is not waterproof.  I don't know if this would work in a cold environment such as a garage in January.<br />The remote control unit programs well and seemed to work well in the same room (no camera mounted), but haven't tried from a distance or through wall or floors.<br />I will be looking for something better."
"It's suppose to make a &#34;Moo&#34; sound when you put in a coin, but it doesn't make any sound."
"I purchased two of these pool loungers based on favorable reviews that were posted. However, I was extremely disappointed in the product. First of all, these pool loungers are very narrow and are more suitable for children or very thin people. They are very difficult to climb aboard and once on the pool lounger, it's necessary to lie very still or you will find yourself falling overboard. Secondly, the &#34;cup holders&#34; are useless because your body will take up the entire lounger so there is no place for your drinks to be placed."
Broke first time used. Battery life not great and not fast. Cheap P.O.S.
"Update 2/26/16.  Purchased 6/2015 I have found about half are not charging correctly or not at all.  I used a hobby grade charger and charging at a 1C rate.  Better than the stock lipos that come with the quad copter but they don't last.  I also purchased another set in Nov 2015 and 2 have already failed.  I'm now on the hunt for another brand.  Works like a charm with my Syma X-11, JJRC 1000, Holy Stone Predator."
Barley makes any sound!
The quality is much worse than the picture can show. There are many small paint chips and the quality is just terrible. The shipping speed was also really slow.
I just received pencils today. I have not used them yet. But I can say that they look nothing like the picture. They all come in one plastic bag. My bag was not even sealed. They look dirty and cheap. I may just return them.
Do not buy! The elephant had a bid tear on it when I took it out of the package. The monkey and loin have a little hole in then also. These are junk and not work the money!!!
Poorly manufactured. Looks good but does not hold together.
This teepee is more for looks then for usage.  It is flimsy and falls over very easily when my child plays inside.  Would not purchase this item again
Darker than expected for my black/white mixed neice.  I wanted to get a doll that looked like her.  Beautiful baby doll besides.
Horrible. Shopkins were damaged and poorly made. Almost look like they are cheap knock offs
"The seat doesn't  have enough fabric, it's too taunt and dolls slip out! Cute but my daughter won't play with it, it's not very functional. I wish I had returned."
Not pleased at all.  Umbrella is much smaller than i thought - doesn't shade but a small area of the wagon do you constantly have to move it to shade your kids.  Mine has&#34;broke&#34; and won't stay in position. I would not purchase this again nor recommend it. Maybe if i paid 5 bucks it would be okay - but not for 20-30 $
Extremely overpriced.
This game is a joke. Not a very good &#34;game&#34; at all
"I have two of these. Motor burned out in maybe 15 flights on one, and a few more on the other. Not acceptable. Replaced with stock motors, which burned out in about 15-20 flights as well on both. Maybe get the brushless version for substantially more money."
I sent mine BACK. JUNK. One of the motors would not<br />turn. Buy at your own risk. Half of the chinese quads and<br />helicopters had problems.
"The motors on the Hudson x4 for rewired completely wrong they were backwards . I did not want to spend the money to send them back and then have to payday receive it again , so I just kept it .  Needless to say I was disappointed !  I've had one before and loved it .  Thanks"
"I found a big hole(about 1mm diameter) as soon as my kid firstly use in the pool (leak an air within 30seconds)<br />and couldn't use at first date.So my kid should have played without tube that ruined our summer picnic.<br />It's absolutely impossible to return and replace it due to I'm in Korea and no worth to return this priceless goods.<br />It's really sorry that Amazon sells this poor quality product and will never buy a sort of rubber or fragile goods.<br />Finally,Just hope Amazon considers a refund for this useless product.<br />Furthuermore,,the arm float never fits to my 3 year-old arm that just wondering how old kid can be fit into...we already gave them up right after we've received them."
the red stained my white painted desk. Incredibly the red stain from the ink made its way through the rubber and stained my desk
His item was used and incomplete and most of the pens were dry.
never will order this again never
Didnt even get to play with the ball. Cam out of box with a hole in it my little girl was so disappointed
"I've purchased a lot of balloons online, and have yet to be disappointed in the quality until now.  The description of these balloons indicate that they are 11 inch balloons.  This was not the case.  The balloons are 5 inch balloons. Totally misrepresented."
Never had a puzzle that was this messed up.<br />It had missing and identical pieces in it. Three adults tried putting it together but couldn't even finish the border. Tossed it. Would have gotten another but we waited too long to open it and missed return date.
Came with a hole in a belly :(
Arrived with a hole in it. The same one can be purchased from the dollar store for cheaper.
"I ordered these for birthday party favors.  I needed about 15.  I had read other reviews noting some broken lollipops... so I thought that ordering 24 would be just fine (assuming a few would come broken).  Well, all but 2 lollipops were delivered broken.  Seriously, 22 of the 24 lollipops were not only slightly cracked, but almost shattered.  They were completely unusable.  Of course, due to my procrastinating nature, I did not have time to replace them in the party favor, as I was assembling them the morning of the party."
Stupid stupid things that make you buy it and it is not an issue to people that are buyin this stupid stupid things
"I really wanted to love this! The problem was the first time it was used, it developed a slow leak. We were at a pool, at a birthday party, and the birthday girl heard it hissing and told everyone to it couldn't be used anymore because it was popped. The kids were not being rough with it, so it's really disappointing that at the event we were saving it for, it couldn't be used."
"Fits the phone good but the hole where the charger goes sucks!! It keeps popping the charger out, I have to take it out of the case just to keep the charger from coming out!!"
not working :(
Terrible Product. All the batteries got swollen and do not fit them anymore.<br />The chargers does not even charge. I returned the Items.<br />Do not waste your time/money with this product!
"My 8 yo was so dissapointed and so was I.  $18 for 29 pieces?!  Look very carefully before purchasing as the pic is very, very deceiving."
Daughter loved the tardis charm. Even though it arrived broken and unfixable. Thank goodness for 7 year olds!  It also rather big?
Getting a baby gate instead of a puzzle case and having to wait for a refund was not exactly 5 stars.
"same color dropz as off brand version &#34;color my bath color changing bath tablets&#34;...however this product does not contain the smaller color tablets like the &#34;color my bath&#34; version....i have used both products and they are the same thing just different names, size options, and price point...get the other version of tablets because your kids will love them"
11 out of 24 flashlights didnt work. And others were questionable with parts moving around and working sometimes and not working others.
I got the wrong baby ! My daughter was devisated when she opened it up on her birthday. Now have to go through the hassle to return it!
I thought kids could use it to collect fireflies. I was wrong. It's just a cool light.
Very bad quality.
"Not sturdy at all, it is going to trash after a couple months because the cardboards are completely broken on the sides after normal use and mostly plush animals."
"It's not made for any kids over age of 3. The splash pool is so small, water doesn't even hold. Water doesn't come out of holes to keep more than half slide and pool area wet."
bad quality
I didnot like this item even the price was clearance the item was clearance also.
Wasn't happy with this at all. Magnets were ok but marker barely worked and once my daughter used the chalk or marker they didn't erase properly and made the toy unusable
"I promise you, don't buy this piece of crappy junk. It does NOT print real money like everyone says it does. Don't ever fall for anything when it comes to lying to somebody about this fake non printing counterfeit money crap and trash. You wanna buy this item, go right ahead. If you do that's your fault!!!"
none of these headbands are glued properly!
Had to return
"Was to small, nothing what I was expecting"
These balloon didn't fill with water like on he ad and half of them didn't keep water in them very disappointed
"This could have been perfect for my Wild West theme this summer, if it worked.  I was so disappointed.  The first one I ordered worked for a few minutes, and then didn't work anymore.  I returned it, and ordered another one.  That one didn't work at all!"
Some of these did not work!
Did not perform like I was expecting. Really did not suck up much solder at all.
"Total garbage. Terrible assembly instructions, very flimsy. Never worked, kid cried."
CRUSHED!!!
I can not provide a star rating because the cards were purchased for my grandson who does not reside with me. I can only offer that when I delivered the package he was very excited about them as he opened them.
Dkdjfjd
First attempt it went up for about 5 seconds and has not worked sense.
"Although item arrive in a timely manor, material is paper thin and costume is likely to last 1 day. In addition to cheap material product arrived damaged."
"The cards are so large that we adults could not hold them, let alone our kids. Also, the text identifying the characters is hidden by other cards, rather than having the text in an upper corner for ease of matching pairs."
not worth it
Very poor institutions. Yarn not useful.
A piece of cheap plastic.
Not something I would recomend to anyone. Track connections are very unreliable
"Awful. I know they're cheap, but they're very poor quality and treated poorly prior to being shipped to the buyer. Also, these are for children and they are very small. When I opened the bag the lenses were already terrible scratched, scuffed, and dirty. Do not buy. You will be disappointed."
"I buy this for my son last christmas but the battery and charger are of really bad quality, he only play like 5 minutes until the battery gone and then charge again but something happens that the ac star to smell bad, since buy a before of november I can request return or refund, we never buy again for this seller!"
"I  bought several of this Rx to use the CPPM connection on a  naze 32 controller and clean flight on a 250 quad. Unfortunately its not reliable , the range test using my Dx18 got a loss of signal at 20 meters. Do not buy this Rx if you are planning to fly more than a park flyer . Look for a full range alternative like the OrangeRx R620x CPPM DSM2 DSMX, better choice.  January 22/2016. I thought  the OrangeRx R620x CPPM DSM2 DSMX,as I wrote before  would be a better choice when using  the CPPM alternative with a naze 32   on a ZMR 250 quad. Unfortunately a keep getting brown outs at less than 200 mts . Same problem that I had with the R615X…"
"I THOUGHT I was ordering 5 ballerina princess dolls, but NO. I only got 1 princess doll. NO WHERE does it say I have to pay $13.47 for 1 doll!!! the picture and the describtion day, &#34;Disney Princess Ballerina Princess Doll Assortment&#34;. I am returning this ASAP! What a ripoff!!!"
I paid about $50 (more than I have ever paid for a puzzle). When I worked it on my vacation at the end of July I was very disappointed with the quality. The layers of paper were separated on many of the pieces. It looked like an previously owned puzzle which was already worked several times
"There were supposed to be 7 beyblades and we only received one. very poor advertising and misleading! My son is very upset about this. Also, it didn't come with a launcher."
Used only 2 times. Bad design with seam on bottom of steps where pressure would b. S/h/b placed on top of steps. 1 step's seam  split
They are just regular black pencils - ridiculous.
Not a well made product! It developed a hole after 1 use in the pool and it wasn't over-inflated. Very disappointed
Box was torn
Too expensive for a small puzzle.
"Reset button doesn't work, change it always getting stuck. Poor design."
"Very disappointed.  I couldn't get a tight fit onto the hose, none of the balloons filled up all the way, and you have to throw them pretty hard for them to even pop."
Not what I expected..too small n their fuzzy n cheap
Pin broke off in less than one month.
Way to cheap looking for the price.
miss Piggy's arm is sewn down. Disappointing!
This toy worked for a grand total of 5 minutes. The darts were fired ONE TIME ONLY prior to ceasing to work. Very disappointing to a 6 year old boy who anxiously awaited its arrival.
The tail broke off sooooo soon!My dad super glued it twice but it still came off.I was not impressed.I suggest only using it for displaying.I as a HUGE mlp fan was very unhappy with this toy.
"Did not work, waste of money."
waste of money......dont ever buy again
Doesn't look like a tutu it looks like a thin see threw cheap material skirt . I ordered the red color
"Ordered four. All packages were opened and resealed. The Fluffy Baby Shopkin was not in any of the packages. They were swapped out with defective figures (missing facial features, scratched, etc.). I don't know who was more ticked off, me or my girls. Also see Aug. 8th and 9th reviews."
This float is terrible. It's nothing like the picture. The sun shade doesn't stay up at all and the mesh &#34;seat&#34; is so unsupportive my baby was neck-deep in the water.
Very disappointed so was my grandson!
It did not work with the Identiflyer I bought last year. Had to return it.
"Do not waste your money.  First, many (3-4 per bunch) already had holes in them.  Second, many popped while adding water. Third, after adding water, water was squirting out of the balloons while we were putting water in the others. We only were able to use maybe half of them.  Would not buy again."
Was broke when I received it.
in one month the engine faild
not what i expected at all- way overpriced
False picture never ordering from toysmith
"While the concept is awesome, don't buy these if your child has curly hair!!!! We are still brushing them out hours later!! I'm so mad I'm taking these back (I bought them  at target) I noticed the WARNING On the box in tiny letters on the back  &#34;keep away from hair may be entangled&#34; Please don't buy these because KIDS will be kids and do whatever they can to use them creatively no matter what the warning label says"
"Would give 0 stars if I could. Knockoff bootleg, came in with a terrible paint job and completely broken off wing. After weeks I finally got my refund of hundreds of dollars. You should be ashamed selling bootlegs like these."
"These arrived today and I immediately took them out of the box to play with the kids. Upon inspection, it was clear that these were not the quality I thought I was getting. We just spent a week on vacation playing with a set of dominoes that we borrowed from the activity center at our timeshare, and I'm almost certain they were the same brand. I got these because I thought they would be the same type with a similar quality. They weren't at all. The others were heavier. I don't know what the material was, but it had a different sound when you clinked them. These were clearly some sort of hard plastic. I can't describe it...they're just different, lighter, and don't seem to be as high quality.<br /><br />I could have lived with that, but what I couldn't live with was the missing corners chipped off on some of the pieces, and the paint on the side that would give away which domino it was (like having a marked card). The lesser complaints include the following: The paint job on some of the dots was bad. For instance, some were painted outside the dot, some were supposed to be orange but a portion of the dots on that suit were faded like watered down paint, and some had a different color on part of the dot than what was supposed to be on there. Also, my OCD got the better of me staring at a double twelve with one dot clearly smaller than the rest. These lesser complaints I could've let slide had the other dominoes not been chipped. But since we're talking about quality here, I thought I'd mention it for the sake of full disclosure for anyone else wanting details on quality.<br /><br />I'm very disappointed in this set. The only silver lining is that they refunded my money and I don't have to ship them back. I guess I'll let this be the kids' set and not be too worried if they end up chipping more, but I will still need to purchase a better quality set for us adults."
I can buy the set of figures to make this figure...for $129.00 plus have 6 more figures...
It's a very confusing game and not something I would recommend to younger children. I think we have played it twice. It was painful.
Cheaply made. Water bottle holder already fraying and strap already halfway separated.
Overpriced for the value.
Was a gift that stopped working on day 2...wouldn't recommend.
"I purchased this kit mostly for the inflatable swords. All the other items were a bonus, I expected the patches to not be so great from the other reviews so I ordered other ones. I wanted the tattoos for a play &#34;tattoo parlor&#34; we setup at the party. But they were very cartooney and kiddie looking. I'm glad I purchased other rub on tattoos because none of the kids chose these, they ended up in the garbage.<br /><br />As for the swords, the kids loved them but they didn't last long. Kids chased each other play fighting with them. By the end of the party more than half of them were broken. As for the hats and &#34;prize&#34; sack, nobody used the hats and the sack was garbage.<br /><br />Your better off making homemade swords with pool noodles. If you look it up online you will find plenty of ideas. Maybe you can even setup a &#34;blacksmith&#34; shop and make it a game for the kids to make their own play swords.<br /><br />If my review helped you make a decision please click the button. : )<br />Thank you."
Nothing like it was described. Cheaply made.
Very cheaply made. Smelly and left a nasty residue on our hands. (Washing them helped some with that.) When you squeeze them it puffs out a thin balloon-like bubble. I'm sure they will break eventually. (The loop on top of one of them broke in less than a minute.) Wish I had purchased koosh balls instead. The kids do enjoy playing with them though.
"Seat ripped off one side after 1 use, total crap buy"
Might as well buy Kindle. Apps cost too much
Sucks. They're not even the Pokémons that are in the pic.
Monkeys didn't hatch. Very disappointing.
I think my POP figure is factory defect or maybe I am so lucky I got a RARE one of a kind Brotherhood of Steal Deathclaw edition. Oh look a figure that I wanted and bought for 10 dollars is magically 34 dollars! Yay!
"These pieces LOOK great, but my son was very disappointed that they don't actually TURN on the Lego tanks he made with them.  We will be returning them."
"The package arrived late (its final expectancy date was 4 days ago, it arrived today) and some of the seams are poorly sewn. Plus the loop is too thick for my keys (i bought a set of 24 pieces, the one that comes with their own display box and red plush holding thing right here off amazon, literally just search Lucy's keys) so to put them on the silver loop i need a smaller brass one (came with the big key set). The amount of keys i can fit in is crazy limited and even then they don't fit in so comfortably. Not the best purchase... Sorry"
I tried two of them and one motor went bad.
Returned
These are not as advertised . Keeps repeating same couple of phrases when interacting.. Not worth $
"Had to return this disgusting costume. I paid for a NEW costume, I received a USED, linty, smelly, costume with strand of long hair stuck in the Velcro."
Ordered this product received the incorrect item
"I thought I was getting a captains hat, this is some kind of joke hat. Hat was cheap, but with the freight, not so cheap.  Waste of time and money."
"It's a flimsy board.  Also, if you want to learn to play chess, learn to play chess the right way from the beginning.  Not a good buy."
Seam split in 3 days. Normal use.another  intex ripoff. Don't waist your money
Total waste of money. Hard to break open and look mostly like old chunks of cement
"This could be a great toy, but the execution is just awful. Cheap, and the pieces don't stay together. Plus, you need to buy more than one boxful in order to make any of the interesting design ideas. Do not buy. Stick with Legos and buy some gears."
"its impossible to hover, dont get live feed from the camera, the plastic is actually paper and if you go too high, you can cut the power but it will still stay where it is. after 10 seconds it will come down but hard, probably 5 feet per second. you can give it full power but that wont stop you from thinking that itll never start again"
"They were not 24&#34; in diameter as expected, but were closer to 18&#34;. They deflated quickly, some within a day. They are not round. I'm writing this review to confirm what others have posted as I observed the same issues."
Broke the first day we got it!
Meat Balls did not turn out well and the noodles. The kids were disappointed how it turned out
not what i expected
The description did not include &#34;miniature&#34; I was trying to order a real typewriter. I order ribbon to refill it. Now I have ribbon for an old typewriter but no typewriter.
Very cheaply made and overpriced. The stand falls apart and has to be reassembled after every &#34;stomp&#34; and the wing nut used to aim just spins without ever tightening. The plastic tubing split after about 20 stomps rendering the whole thing useless. The only good thing is the rockets went high and straight the few times it was used before it fell apart.
Look up Pie Face - Hasbro - now for sale for $19.95 - Will start shipping October 1st!!!<br /><br />http://www.amazon.com/Hasbro-B7063-Pie-Face-Game/dp/B00Y8YO2HG/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1439326517&sr=8-1&keywords=pie+face+game+by+hasbro
"Not at all happy with this! The spider in the picture is NOT what I received. The picture showed a brown spider. Mine came black and is not as large as the one pictured, only 24&#34;. Mine is very cheap looking. Also, the batteries were dead and even after replacing them the eyes flash so low you can barely see them. Description says two AA batteries but it's actually two lr44 batteries. Would not take a chance on this guy if I were you."
Not great. Seat ripped out in the two that I had. Didn't take much. Will not buy again.
What a total waste of money. Arrived bent and torn and cheap terrible quality. Never again.
Very cheap necklace it break the next day but pendant was nice and heavy
"Maybe the fact that I am 80 years old makes me ineligible to use this toy.  I was surprised when I turned the cube and they all fell out--so it wasn't until I read the other reviews I realized they're supposed to fall into the box?  Not sure yet.  Anyway, the wood is very cheap and rough--this won't do for my darling 2-year-old ggdaughter."
This is sooooo small and flimsy!
Zipper did not work :( and I had to return it.
"The arms and legs fall off SUPER easily. The toys are TINY. The paint job is shoddy, which would be tolerable, except it's SUCH low quality that it literally has worn off of the toys in just the week my son has had them. Absolutely spend your money elsewhere. This is not worth it. I would never ever have purchased them if I had known how terrible they were."
The biggest piece of junk I have purchased to date. It fell<br />Apart immediately and became unusable. I would love to be contacted by the company but they haven't stood by their products at all
I don't know what I was expecting but these were cheap cardboard/ cardstock cut outs
Batteries charged twice then two of them wouldn't get the quadcopter of the ground.  I used the other two for another two charges and they quit as well.
If I could leave zero stars I would. The product that arrived wasn't like what the picture looks like. Instead they were a faded version and different colors and patterns and very flimsy. Don't waste your money!
The color: they only have white color and the hood doesn't open just the core and rear. I expect more for the price.
"Stamps came and were very dry, could barely see the stamp."
Very disappointed... I think the product was defective or something because as soon as I filled up the balloons... all the water came back out of them! Big waste of money! My boyfriend actually filled up the rest and then individually had to tie the rubber band around each balloon again... it was a desperate measure to have water balloons for a Water Fight birthday party that was about to start. Someone brought over another brand of these to help save the day and there was no problem at all... they worked perfectly. Not these though. :(
"item had no new tag on it or invoice enclosed.  just stuff item with no indication of tag or purchase, looks like a carnival stuff toy. would not recommend. paid to much for quality. should have gone to target"
"The Shopkins we received were all the wrong colors. They are on the lists, but not the same color as the ones on the list. Leads me to believe they are fake.  My daughter has taken to calling them her &#34;Fakekins&#34;."
"I bought it to my daughter 3 years ago and it was a great present, I decided to give it to my niece for her birthday and after a week stop working, I was very embarrassed... Now I will have to buy another one."
I didn't experience an order but I too have issues with paradise galleries. The quality is crashing and returns are hard to get done. The language barrier and fake names of representives is almost impossible  The materials are cheaper than ever and sewing on dolls is sloppy  Cotton stuffing is dirty in the arms and legs. I removed the wire in baby Kate and discovered the dirty stuffing hiding in arms and legs. I wrote a review on it and it wasn't printed. Paradise galleries is trying to pass off poor quality for high prices. They are loosing me as a customer and I expect many more customers  will they learn and correct the problems I doubt it. It seems they only want out money.
Sounds didn't work.
Terrible!  Will not stay together during battle.  My grandson was very disappointed.
"What a peice of junk, noisy and not at all like the original, literally fell apart in my hands, a cheap knock off of the original, don't be fooled by this nightmare, insist on the original Sorcery Shop Brand.  ITR is also a trademark of Sorcery Shop, this product is infringing on that mark."
Roots never appeared. I probably don't have a green thumb.
The &#34;best nerf fun ever&#34; isn't that. When I purchased the blaster I put brand new Duracell batteries in it. Loaded up the brand new darts in the clip and revved the engine. Pulled the trigger and wow I was disappointed. It jammed. Opened the jam door got the dart out and tried again. Did the same thing about 8 times with the same result. I thought maybe it was just the clip so I swapped it out with a brand new 18 round clip that I purchased in addition to the blaster for extra ammo. It fired but once again I was disappointed. The darts went a whole 20 feet MAX. (Not 75). So I returned it because the clip it came with doesn't even work.
Very cool idea -- but a big fail.<br /><br />We got it to work at first (lucky to be one of the few with a supported device). Tricky to get it to recognize and accept the photos which is the main purpose -- build creations that then appear on screen with the app game/town.<br /><br />However the app stopped loading and only ever gives error messages now. Did LEGO just stop support after selling these?
Tail snapped off quickly and would definitely be a choking hazard for younger children.
"Ordered what I thought was going to be the Deathclaw funko pop; however, I received the Lone Wanderer. Guess I should have read the other reviews before ordering."
"Gorgeous, but a piece of junk. Poorly engineered, started losing air on the first use. Completely deflated now and I've only had it in the water a few weeks. Also, the hood assembly doesn't stay in place without contorting the base. Very uncomfortable! Waste of money."
Plugs  don't match my Blackout
"Too small, animals bent and would not stand. My son was displeased. :-("
"I pre-ordered the vault boy and received the ghoul instead. When I pre-ordered, both the description and picture were of  the vault boy. Looks like I will be receiving the mutant instead of the brotherhood of steel figure as well if the same thing happens with it..."
"Great looking gun, jams constantly. Spend all of your time fixing, while losing all your battles. The design is not perfect, but it needs to perform precisely to shoot. This is by far the worst Nerf gun."
"broke first day I had it, and it took almost 2 months to get it, lame"
"This product was absolutely awful, nowhere on this product page does it state that you need to retain the boxes for DC deckbuilding game to be able to use this product. By the time you would actually be looking for said product you probably have all of Heroes' Unite, Forever Evil and other expansions which this product will not be able to hold by itself. Having tried to put expansions in this box I found it fits only 1 expansion at a time not the additional 3 stand alone or 2 Crisis addition packs, so you would need to order multiple copies of this just to have slightly better storage space than what Cryptozoic already provides in the boxes."
I order this for my 12 yr old son and it didnot last 30 days. I am disappointed with this item. Maybe a smaller child will get better usage.
Flimsy broke on first use
"An absolute piece of garbage.  The product never came close to working, tried changing the batteries and it was the same terribleness.  Avoid buying at all costs."
I bought a bunch of handheld toys for a long road trip.  The other toys worked great. This one never worked even with a change of batteries.  I felt bad for my daughter as she watched her brothers enjoy their new toys.  Thank goodness I packed back up items in case this didn't work.  I read the reviews prior to purchasing and that is why I prepared myself accordingly with back up batteries and other toys.  I gave it a star because I couldn't give it no stars.
The balancer itself is out  of balance out of the box.
it just didn't work.
"The quick change doesn't work, even with adults trying to make it work."
unfortunately the pod is missing the menu not complete and the parts inside pack
The arm completely detached within 2 minutes of my son playing with it.
Very disappointed with this product.  It was very hard to put on and once we got it on it only lasted a month before the material around the V rings started to shred and break.  I would never recommend this product to anyone. If I could give it 0 stars I would.
Brought this for my Grandson he has only had it for 2 weeks and already broke not happy because the price I paid for it
"Overpriced, deceptively shown and described.  Will probably return."
"If your idea of a good time is spending an entire week working on a 1000-piece Springbok puzzle and finding out the company held back ONE SINGLE PIECE either as a sick joke or a sadistic study of consumer rage... GO AHEAD AND BUY THIS PUZZLE!  When you complain to the company, they will laughingly offer you a duplicate of the same puzzle, absolutely free. HA-HA!  &#34;You're not happy with this lemon?  How about another lemon, sucker?&#34;"
I got a feral ghoul like everyone else on here. BOO!
"They are not as pictured, there are 7 different animals pictured, I only received 3 different ones, 6 blue, 3 green, & 1 red.  They were packed nicely, all in individual clear plastic packages.  However, when I opened them they smelled horrible, a terrible, strong, chemical odor.  I threw them in the trash, and then took the trash outside.  For the money I paid it was not worth that odor in my home, to keep them until I could get a package and deal with shipping them back.  I honestly have a small headache from the smell.  I have a set of these that I got from a local store but they don't carry them anymore and I wanted another set for our summer home.  The ones I got from the local store were like the picture, all different and no smell.  I wouldn't use the ones I received around any child or adult for the odor might make them sick."
"looks like a full size bucket but it is not.  only about 3 inches high.  oh well, should have read the other review before i bought it"
Claw broke the first week my grandson had it.
DONT BUY<br />this is a knockoff of the real moyu sticker less cube I read the reviews but I didn't believe them yet I still bought it and when it came it was fake don't buy
Not even spelled correctly only one r people
Not what we expected. What to do with a mini tea set? Our fault misread the mini part
"The shopkin packages I received were fakes. The paint colors were in correct, the shopkins were not packaged how Moose toys packages their products, and the paint was chipping off of the &#34;shopkins&#34;. I'm very appalled that someone chooses to try and con people over children's toys.<br /><br />I attached photos tip show that colors do not match real shopkins and the color of some of the items are not available from moose toys as shown by my list."
"Did not work, had to return."
"Cheap, cheap, cheap"
Boo
Terrible quality.. Don't waste your money.
My Balloons all failed when we finally went to blow them up with helium.  Total waste and terrified passer-bys
"This product didn't met our expectations at all.  Very poor quality. My daughter loves to build and create things. She started to play with it when we got it, but after a few minutes she put it away saying that it didn't connect well and weren't good."
Surprisingly sturdy and well made. But my order only came with 7 and not 8.
Seriously disappointed and will return. There is no way this one tube should be $12. The information is highly deceptive.
"VERY BAD!  I have had trouble and lost control both time I flew it.  I followed instructions and watch multiple online videos before flying it.  First time things started off OK and then drone stopped listening to commands from remote and ended up crashing into neighbors house.  Next time I went to a soccer field and totally open space and same thing, started off OK and then drone did it's own thing and took off and eventually crashed.  It took my 6 hours of searching to find it.<br />I had someone else who had years of experience try and same thing happened.  He says it is either problem with remote or drone itself.  The drone took off and would not respond to remote control.  One time no one was even touching remote and throttle was all the way down and drone took off on its own and crashed.<br />Buy a different product!!  Too expensive for problems like this to occur"
The is a good little glider... But our second flight the camera detached almost taking it down... Lost the camera and the seller won't stand behind this product...
"First person saw it, knocked it in the toilet and flushed it."
"it is heavy and slides down to the forehead. my daughter has a lot of hair but still it would not stick to the hair. its so cute and it lights up , such a shame that it would not stay :("
The reviews of the streams are right. It's really a terrible design. I don't recommend this. My daughter had more fun with a grass sprinkler.
I asked if the item would float in water and was told yes. They did not. Now I have 4 packs of tanks with no purpose.
The Furby never worked. My granddaughter wanted this for her birthday. She was upset it didn't work!!
"poor quality, did not stick to the kids skin. but cute"
Very disappointed in this product.  After using it only one time the slide ripped.
"First one failed after 2 days. would not feed filament. Returned no problem and received replacement on time thanks to Amazon and good seller. Second unit failed after 3 days with error code 3 and would not heat. Definitely not worth $119.00. Also not the ultimate birthday present my daughter begged for. She is very disappointed, twice. Can not share personal opinion about the lack of value of the product or it's country of origin due to Amazon policy. I can not recommend the purchase of this product. It is an awesome waste of money."
Not happy the Pocoyo have a hard face  i want same the picture soft face
"The product is broken...it was a gift and when it was opened a few weeks ago, it was discovered that it is broken.  We are trying to find out how to return it and get it replaced since we cannot find the purchase information on it."
not even fit att all on phantom 3!
"I am planning to return these items!  Did not work at all! Before leaving hotel room, there were feathers everywhere!"
This toy looks cute but is not adequate as an instrument -- clearly made by a toy manufacturer and not a musical instrument maker. The strings are very cheap quality (already unraveling) and do not stay in tune. Chords also cannot be played in tune because the top (zero) fret is raised too high and so anything played on the first fret is always out of tune. Very frustrating for young aspiring musicians and their parents who have to listen to out-of-tune playing... We received this as a gift but ended up buying our child an inexpensive and real ukulele (the Makala dolphin). Don't waste your money on this one!
"Sorely disappointed with this. Looks like a dollar store toy. Paint job is terrible, he has huge sausage fingers, his face doesn't look anything like David Tennant (the last of which I figured from the item photo but with all the positive reviews decided to chance it). I'm just really , really displeased with this item and the overall quality."
Way too tiny for children to play with.
this product is an absolute piece of junk that was sent to me broken or defective.  it has never worked and i do not recommend this seller.
"Cute and fairly simple to put together for a 6 year old, but was missing the tail and ears."
Do not buy! I could have gotten a better deal from the dollar store.
A worn one of these coins can be had for $50 or less.  This listing is a complete ripoff.
"Very poorly design.  Trains keep derailing.  Even though it says it is TrackMaster, we found it be very poorly designed.  The idea is great but the execution is poor.  Don't waste your money.  Don't buy it.  When we returned ours because it doesn't work, they charged us a huge restocking fee.  If I could give it a zero star for poor performance and customer service, I would.  I am not going to buy any more Fischer Price from Amazon if they support such poor return policies."
I ordered a Bunch O Balloons and received a product called Magic Balloons.  We watched a video and followed instructions EVERY single balloon leaked out immediately.  We had a zero success rate with this product.  HORRIBLE waste of money.
Most of these are duds
These were a waste of money. Children and adults could barely blow the whistles. It's hard to return items that were given as a party favor. Spend more money and get nicer whistles.
"It was fun while it lasted, but it didn't last long"
Battery only lasts about 10 minutes.
Broke first day
Very disappointed kids after getting bland cards and none of the legendary treasures promised.
"Very bad.... had lots of expectations..Opened box... Finishing is not good.. Remote control is soiled, lots of used marks...It is an used product... Overall it is very bad product.... Lots of used mark on it.... Poor quality product..."
The picture looked better than the toy itself.  It was a flimsy plastic that can break easily! The little dumpster on the back kept falling off. I would not purchase it again or recommend it to anyone
The title of this product says &#34;weights&#34; plural but it is actually only one weight. If you want a set of weights you need to order qty of 2.
This was described as &#34;like new in box&#34; and it really looked it. Unfortunately it doesn't work.
"All 4 packs worked like a charm on my Nano QX fpv. Follow the directions (charge batteries before use) and you shouldn't have any problems. Haven't done a flight time comparison to the Blade battery. But I'm having fun since I have 5 batteries to fly with and rotate in between. Will buy more once these start losing it's charge capabilities.  Update: after about 15-20 cycles, I'm noticing shorter run time. Still charges (using the Blade USB charger) and works. Also, I used the velcro strips included with the batteries to help keep the batteries snugly in the QX. Doing so, created too much stress on the black plastic caps. 2 have come unglued from pulling them out of the quad. Be extra careful not to pull on these caps. Push them out from the backside.  Update #2: ordered another set of 4. Recharged and did a comparison against the original Blade 150mAh 25c battery. I noticed a huge difference in performance. With the Lectrons, the Nano QX FPV lacks the power draw, to recover on a sharp turn+yaw. With the Blade battery, it does great at sharp turns and produces more power to recover. Excuse my lack of proper terminology. I'm new to this. I'm my opinion, these are good for easy, calm flights. If you're looking to push the Nano, these will not do the Nano justice. I'll be ordering the Blade batteries once these die.  Update #3: won't be buying anymore of these. ALL 8 batteries are virtually out of juice after only about 15+/- cycles. Proper charging on Eflight 4 port charger with the Eflite AC adapter. The Nano QX automatically immobilizes your quad before it drains the battery completely, so I know I haven't pushed the batteries beyond their minimum discharge. The most these are capable of doing is lift the Nano around the living room once and descends.... yes, on ALL 8 Electrons! Changed 5-stars to 1 star. Don't buy."
The item arrived but the record and playback function was broken and did not work at all... we tried replacing the batteries but it still remained silent.  Very disappointed as I bought this to replace one my daughter had that had broken.  She was crushed.
looks cheap like something I would purchase from toy store
Thie car is cheap but fun for a short time. I played with it for 2 charges before hiting the front end on wall and having the entire stearing system expload. Well so much for that.
It is difficult to prevent air leaking in several areas of the car making it basically useless.
Junk  Dont waste your money.  This is nothing like the product we had as kids.  Thought the grandkids would have fun but instead it was a bust.  Well the product was a bust.  IF the product actually allowed you to create plactic bubbles then maybe the kids would of had fun busting them.
"These earrings are NOT made of sterling silver. Very poor quality, I do not recommend."
Very bad quality and star falling apart.
"Save yourself the frustration and do not buy this piece of junk. You have to pluck out a million small pieces from a plastic frame and then trim the nubbins off with a diagonal cutter - what a pain! Assembly was a nightmare. The small plastic parts break easily, and my son, who is a Lego whiz, struggled with the poor directions. Once we had the thing assembled, we dropped the car about 4 inches and the wheel broke off - as in, the cheap plastic cracked and it was done for. The solar panel never charged either. Tears. What I thought would be a cute lesson in the benefits of solar and wind energy ended with the end result many people arrive at regarding the real technology: don't bother! UGH!"
"I thought I was ordering a computer came. So I was very disappointed to find it to be a building block set.  When I got around to returning it (I was very busy running a summer camp) I was too late to return it, and now I'm stuck with it!"
"Ridiculous and unusable - pony tails are too small. Only the 4 hair clips could be used. The rest is just garbage. If you want to waste your money, go for it. Would not recommend"
"Did not work! We were never able to program it at all. It would not accept the voice of anyone in the house, no matter how well we enunciated."
Junk. Never could use. Came with holes
"I bought this for my child at 6 months old and only used it once and learned it wasn't good. There's a mesh water reservoir between the baby and the outside air tube that allows the baby to splash and play in some water, but my baby would put her face forward to suck the rim in front of her and took up water directly face down real fast. She could definitely drown in it. And my baby was 15.5 lbs at has totally control of sitting up.  You're better off just holding your baby in the water."
Very bad experience the item is defeated try to contact the saler no response
"Arrived warped and useless.  Seller is forcing me to pay return shipping on a damaged item.  So six bucks to get it here, probably more to return it.  I got hosed.  Might be fine for party favors, but too hard and brittle for little kids and too inaccurate for adults or dogs."
Waste of money...
The set is small and dangerous with sharp knives as toys. Terrible!  Do not buy!
"Waste of money,  DOES NOT KILL FLEAS!!!"
"I bought this toy because I was hoping for a Mator toy that talked, my daughter thinks he is hysterical and is always asking me to play the role of Mator.  Ours did not speak, however.  And it also doesn't go.  It has no problem roaring too life and making noise for long periods of time, but that is all it does.  Frustrating for such a relatively expensive toy."
I had this product for exactly two days before it broke and burst sand all over me at work. Not worth the price at all. It is literally a balloon with sand in it.
These toys are very poor quality. Flimsy and I would not let my kids play with these. Such a disappointment
I was so so disappointed with this set. I truly underestimated the &#34; micro&#34; part. I figured it would come smaller but the tiny box that arrived was laughable. It is a micro set at a maximum price. Seventy dollars is way to much to charge for this tiny set. So disappointing.
Waste of money.
"Fake piece of crap, doesn't print NO real million dollars, total scam!!!"
Had to return this one too. Her head was not stitched on properly and her chest from the neck down was open not even stitched. Returning her has been a nightmare. They paradise galleries offered me her at 50 percent off to keep her. No way she's defective and her head could fall off. I have over a dozen of their dolls. I kept some I didn't like and gave them to granddaughters  Not anymore!!!  Bad merchandise and goofy looking dolls go back. Ones with sticky glued on hair go back too. And ones that are defective. And if this last order comes in less than great I will return it as well. Then at this point I am no longer a paradise gallery customer!!!!!!!  Their loss.
"These balloons are a waste of money. The idea is good in theory, but most of them were defective. We were only able to get 1/4 of these to fill with water"
"This license plate game, has 2 New York plates and is missing Minnesota plate."
Description is very misleading.  This toy cost $37.00 and is 5 inches tall.  I was expecting it to be closer to the description dimensions.
Terrible over half were duds in my package. I am Writing letter to company on quality.
Junk.  We bought this item 2x and the spinner broke both times in less than 5 minutes
"As many others noted, the adhesive quality of these decals is horrible. We have three other brands of decals on the wall, all of which have remained for years (literally; we've even moved two of them several times over the past years and they still remain firmly in place)."
Beware when buying from amazon if you are looking for a particular color don't go by their pictures. The description didn't say what color the case was but I assumed it was pink because it was pink in the picture.  WRONG.  More like red or maroon.  The set is nice. I just think the pictures should be of the actual products.
"Only received one tape out of the three (Epic Fail). I was under the impression that &#34;set&#34; meant all three. A complete rip-off, and I'm out of town so I can't return it to the vendor."
Poor quality.  I wish I would have ready reviews before I bought this.  I agree the banana is looking quite peculiar and the concept of the banana doesn't make sense.  How does it stay together.  If my husband hadn't thrown away the packaging I would have returned this item and spent more on Melissa & Doug food products.  This is help my sons speech therapy and will do but I won't buy more.
Don't really know. It was a gift.
I will not be order this
If I could give these a zero I would. Terrible quality. The material is like super stiff tissue paper. Terrible terrible terrible. I would not have paid $.25 cents for these dresses. They sent two of the exact same dress but seriously...after seeing how cheaply made they were...they will be going in the trash anyway. Either invest in real Barbie clothes or nothing at all! This is garbage!
Does not insulate in the least actually gets warmer than ambient temperature works like a greenhouse great for carrying long items that don't need to stay chilled cell phones wallets car keys towels etc
Thought these were the actual Spirograph wheels.  This is a pad of pre printed designs.
"We were very disappointed with this purchase. It was very expensive and very cheaply made. The inside is empty except for a couple of chairs that it comes with and the wheels squeak horribly when my son pushes the truck around. It only comes with one character and vehicle so that means you have to purchase the other 7 to go along with it because its not much fun without the pups, so it becomes at least a $100+ purchase.  I would not recommend this to anyone."
Unit did not work properly from the moment I assembled it. One propeller ran continuously despite the power switch being in the off position. Might try a different quad copter after sending it back
"Received this as part of an order for my Granddaughter as a present. It is an obvious return. Items stuffed back in box, placed in a loose plastic bag. Could not give this as a present, very dissatisfied and disappointed."
these are very fragile and break easily.
"Thought it would be a bit more water permeable. I brought it out boating to throw with friends, and it was waterlogged after the first day."
cute but too fake looking. my son does not like it. he likes the ones  that look more like a real key chain! but i love the B brand for other toys.
Very disappointed. Didn't work or move.
"Don't work for plus sized women. Was able to get the clip on but once I lowered my arms, the clip snaps off"
The yeast was old had to buy new. The experiments were not that fun for grandkids with the exception of the one that blew up the balloon. Would like to send back but we tried experiments.
"if you want your moneys worth do not buy. i purchased 2 of these and a friend of mine purchased one and there is no doubt in my mind that they take out any and all secret rare cards from these. DoL as around 50 different cards in it and with that logic opening 75 cards from that series would get you at least 1 secret rare card but to our surprise in both my packs and my friends pack we litterally got the EXACT same cards. Im not saying its a scam but you really dont get whats advertised, it isnt random."
"NOT VERY HAPPY. QUITE A NUMBER OF THE PIECES WERE DEFECTIVE AND I OBSERVED THAT AFTER CHILDREN HAD RECEIVED THE PRIZE, IT WAS DISGARDED AS BROKEN. I WILL NOT PURCHASE THESE AGAIN."
"This pool was HORRIBLE!! I bought it months ago (so too late to return) I finally decide to blow it up & it will NOT inflate. It must have a whole in it? It filled up minimally and once I removed the pump, it deflated within an hour. What a waste of my money! Not to mention my poor little girl was looking forward to playing in it!"
this not aoyama tokyo you can even tell by the picture
Ordered for my grandson and broke the first day.
"Just received this two of these tricycles as gifts for my twins. The smell of the tire rubber is SO HORRIBLE that I will be returning them immediately. I stored them, sealed in their boxes, in my garage overnight and when I went in this morning it smells so bad that I was nearly sick. They are cute tricycles, but can't stomach the revolting stench."
The wings broke off immediately. First time playing with them. Definitely a choking hazard for younger children. No force was used the wing just snapped off.
Horrible piece of junk
Terrible. Safety hazard if you have anything but carpet.
Just got one for my daughter put new batteries in it and it doesn't work.
lots of pieces missing
It's supposed to wrap around a power pole.  It does not.
Cheap looking
My son is learning to talk and someone recommended a karaoke style toy (so he can hear his own voice). This machine is kind of complicated and the music/voices it makes aren't very pleasant. I really can't stand the thing
This is a horrible toy. The lamb sounds like it could be the opening credits for silence of the lambs. The colors were faded and not even close to the bright colors shown. Stay away.
my 8 year old son was very frustrated by this product- it is a bit hard to use and he could not see his pencil
The description was misleading and they are way cheaper at Walmart. I feel very ripped off and I would not recommend this.
Not happy with it
Came really scuffed up. Black marks all over almost every silver gem and many of the gold. Not worth the price.
The gum tasted terrible. Had fun with the kids though.
"I'm very disappointed with this the first one i bought just started spinning in circles . I may have been a little rough with it but after watching videos it should be able to handle anything i put it through. But i don't know for sure before it messed up i loved it, so much i ordered another h911, but out of the box the top blades wouldn't Turn. I could have gotton my money back, or i could try again with another, at this point i went with what i thought was the quickest fix I was really looking forward to starting fresh with a new one i just couldn't wait to try it out with more experience this time . That was a Huge disappointment."
Broke the first day items durability was weak if had the opportunity would not recommend or repurchase.
"Unbelievably bad assembly design, but that could have been tolerated EXCEPT the axles were all too short.  The rear was corrected by grinding some bushings. The left front was addressed by brute force- the right front was impossible-  at least 1/2&#34; short and no way to stretch or grind.  Since I needed something that would work for at least a short time I had to drill the chassis so the bushings would be allowed to seat further in. This eventually caused the bushings to get lost in the innards of the chassis. But finally I got the top hat to stick  to the end of the axle and I quickly attached a plastic cover piece in the hope that it would last a couple of hours.<br />Advice -- don't try it!!!!"
"Zero stars. The clay was dried out and unusable. We are normally very happy with this brand, but this was a complete disappointment."
Sizing was all wrong. It was way bigger than description which made it impossible to wear.
"Judging by the other reviews, some got lucky by getting what they actually bought. Unfortunately I was one of the unlucky majority who got the non-standard battery. It barely fits in the battery compartment, it felt like I was going to break the connectors and electronics while shoving the battery into the tight fit. Then came the real disappointment: this battery is too thick and does not allow the cover to close."
"Doesn't work, horribly frustrating for our 4 year old. Arrows broken within the first day. Very disappointed"
Markers Don't stay in place ... So it doesn't work
If I could give less than one star I would - this coin is common and could be bought anywhere for well under $100.  This is bordering on criminal.
NO FLIPPIN HANDEL! :(:(:(
Mini is mini
My 1-year loved this toy - but easily popped the top right off and shoved one of the plastic pieces right in his mouth that I had to dig out. This toy poses a serious choking hazard. The sounds of this thing also annoyed the crap out of my husband who was rejoicing when I finally tossed it in the trash.
Worst product ever. Broke in less than hour. My kids cried so went to the store to replace it (aka buy a new one) and that one broke the same day too. What a waste of money.
"Boring, to easy for my two year old. Spoon is so big she never drops any."
Do not buy a dark hair baby -- they darkness comes off and will make black marks everywhere !!! It's the worst !
"This item was very cheaply made and the cars are very light plastic. This item is not battery powered and does not have any component of the advertised &#34;High Powered Truck&#34; The car carrier keeps coming off the truck and overall not worth it at $24.99. I might have bought this for $5 off a street vendor but for the price that this is being charged at, it's not worth it!"
The plastic packaging that the actual toy truck comes in was completely opened. Very disappointing.
Did not work as described. Do not bother
Wing snapped off first time playing with him with no force. Definitely a choking hazard for younger children.
poor quality
I used this one time and it never stayed inflated. Very disappointed.
These balloons are a cheep knockoff.  Bought three bags of them.  Several of the bunches were made incorrectly and wouldn't even fill.  After you fill them the ties aren't tight enough so all the balloons leak. You can slide the rubber tie up the neck of the balloon stop the leaking but you have do this on each one which is a pain.  When you throw them the rubber bands come off in the air because they aren't tight enough.  Not like the original pack that we bought which had clear ties that worked very well.  Very disappointed.  Will not buy this product again. I hope they find a different manufacture for this product.
"This toy looks like it should be great, and it almost is, but it has quite a few design flaws or perhaps just poor manufacturing.  The gray pieces stick together well, but the small blue hinges pop out abruptly causing the whole assembly to fall apart and the robot cannot be built.  It just won't hold together even for a minute.  Also the gears connecting the gyroscope to the wheels do not engage, so when the gyroscope is running (which is pretty cool), the wheels do not turn and the “robot” does not move.  This was a very disappointing gift that we are returning, because it just does not work, in spite of several skilled people trying."
Smaller than envisioned. Looked too cheap to use for purpose ordered.
Total of 8 pieces for tire mounting. You either have to glue the outer hard surface to the soft plastic piece that goes around the rim or deal with them sliding off.
This balloon looked great in the package. Trying to fill it we realized the bottom was warped. It was pretty much sealed closed and once filled didn't really hold air well. I had a very disappointed daughter :(
Battery does not work!!!!
This came in great until I saw a $3.00 Wal-Mart price tag on it. I paid 18.88 each!! For these two fish😟
"I probably expected too much from a novelty item, but this gum was truly awful. It had a terrible chemical taste. I would not recommend it for general consumption.."
This item did not meet my need. They are too small to go on anything I have.
Cheap and deceiving. Way overpriced. Disappointing purchase.
"Popped in less than an hour of indoor play, nothing strenuous or out of the ordinary.  Complete waste of money,"
Does not look like grass at all.
Arrived with the box squished and top crushed with crayons broken. Would not order again as the packing was not effective.Waste of my time.
This was a little small. I'm 6ft and weigh about 220lbs but I did manage to squeeze into it. Cape doesn't slow your descent. Is much more vulnerable to knives and gunfire than the comics would have you believe. Don't buy this.
Missing 2 chess pieces - bishop and a rook.
didn't work 2 of the blades the treding didn't line up. i wouldn't recommend this to no one
"The season 2 product is a definite fake. Paint is not only the incorrect colors but, poorly applied. The package was opened partially, not sure why. There are product lists that reflect the coloring is wrong as well."
Very messy- greens were falling off the trees.
"The power failed after five uses. Initially it worked reasonably but kept clogging because the nozzle is much smaller than the material fed into it. the nozzle is too small, the filaments come out hairline thin, which isn't good for model making, and the material will bottle neck inside the pen because the nozzle is too small. I don't know why the power failed, but when it did, the pen couldn't be turned on again ever."
this item was fulfilled by Amazon and is NOT a Zoo Talker. It is a regular Little People alligator. Do not purchase this item if you want the one that actually works with the zoo. We returned this item.
"Why does the boy have cool profession outfits and the girl has only frilly outfits? What year is it, Melissa & Doug???"
The balls all broke the first day.
"I'm really upset at myself for not reading the reviews and ratings before buying this tiny ball.<br />I don't know if there was a design that's been smeared on the ball or what, but the ball looks used."
"This is the worst 3d puzzle I have ever done. I'm about ready to scrap it and forget it. The pieces do not stay together while trying to put the sections together, and the instructions are CRAP. I'll never buy thus brand again.  I'll be sticking with the Ravens burger ones with the plastic pieces from now on."
Stoppers kept popping back out and would not hold air.  Would not buy again.
Not what I though. ....
My granddaughter 's feet still slide off the pedals. I think they should be longer and a back on them . Something longer that slides with a heel on it.
"Cocking mechanism broke the first day, sad 8 year old boy on his birthday.  Am having it replaced so we'll see if the next one is any better."
looks like it has trigger but you pull back the rod and let it go there is no trigger it is very hard for a 6 year old to play with  he did not like it and has not played with it since he got it
Very poorly made which is a shame because my kids loved it. Would not recommend.
did not care for this product  more work than it was worth
"DOESN'T STAY INFLATED! Do not waste your money. I thought it was worth it for the price, but after properly sealing the blow holes, the pool does not stay inflated. Get something else!"
It was missing some components so had to return it.
Fighter planes suck unless they are opperated by MEN!
"I ordered two of these pool floats at the beginning of summer. One of the floats was fine but the second float was splitting at a corner seam with the first use. I exchanged the defective float. The replacement came and has never been in the water. It has been filled with air three times and never been used because the following day it was always deflated. Because only one in three has been able to be used, I have to give this a one star rating."
only a few of the coins weren't repeats.
Not a fan of the Tie-Not. If you're halfway capable you can tie these balloons much quicker without the Tie-Not. Not much more than a clever selling point. I would not purchase again.
"Purchased for my granddaughter`s 5th birthday. It lasted 3 days. If you have a child who will simply sit and play in it, the play tent may be worth the money. If more than one child will be in it, or you have kids that want to actually PLAY in it..stand up, jump, etc save your money. The poles rip through the floor and the fabric is cheap."
dosent move and is weak in the app
I 've flown this quad_copter 5 or 6 times over the past three weeks with no problems until now.  The copter will no longer fly even after I followed the trouble shooting suggestions closely.  The propellers rotate but won't lift the copter off the ground.  I've tried re_charging the batteries with no success.  I have had no crashes other than minor indoor onto carpets.  I can't find any support from Holy Stone.
There not Solid silver. There CLAD. DO NOT BUY IF YOU WANT REAL SILVER
"I have this tumbler and a Lortone tumbler. I am very disappointed in the Thumler Tumbler as it makes a huge mess of rubber splatter everywhere. I called the company and they said this was normal (really?) and to just spray oil on the barrel bottom where it rubs. I tried this, but it didn't help. This thing seems like a fire hazard with oil, piles of rubber bits and friction. I have it on the counter of my extra bathroom and there is rubber shreds in the sink, on the mirror and floor and all over the tumbler and motor. It also does not roll very smoothly and is loud. After this first (and last) tumble I am throwing it away. On the other hand, I am very happy with the Lortone (double barrel). Better quality, quiet and no mess. I have been using it about a year and am very happy with it."
It's very difficult to do<br />We didn't finish
DO NOT! Buy these from BTG mine are an inch to short and don't even fit with nut all the way tightened they wobble around. Piss poor product.
"I ordered two boxes for use at a children's science camp. Each box had only 9 geodes, and only 3 would break.<br />I wish I had read the reviews, but assumed they were just like geodes I had bought before at Science Museums for my own kids.<br />I had 20 very disappointed kids - I just let them take the whole ones home (except that I only had 18 - so those that broke got shared out.)"
"These said they were going to be the original, green balloons.  They were cheap Chinese multi-colored balloons.  Not at all what was advertised for sale!  (Which automatically makes it a 1 star in my book.)  Works well to FILL the balloons, but a third were empty in 5 minutes.  Don't expect the rubber bands to hold the water in.  You will still need to tie all these off.  If the balloon is not properly filled, it hurts a lot when you get hit.  Just be prepared.  Not something I was impressed with!"
"Not what I expected.  The truck moves on its own, and the person cannot come out."
Very disappointed with this!  It lit up for about a minute and then it didn't work anymore.  Grandson (6 years old) was very disappointed.  It was packaged well but seems to be defective.  Not worth the price.
"it has weird tuning, i returned it back, i don't want my baby to think that this weird tuning is normal, and i can find cheaper thing to slam on with hammer"
i bought one a month or so ago except mine had green accents not orange. i ran my slash 2wd on my tazer 400kv motor at 2s and it warped this gear causing my motor to heat up and break now i need a new motor and spur thanks crap racing
The ring was broken upon arrival. Is their any way to receive a replacement. My daughter is heart broken because she has been asking for a mood ring for months. Thank you in advance If a replacement ring will be shipped as soon as possible.
"Very disappointed in the quality of this toy! It looks like it has been played with, it is dirty and smashed on the blade. Since the blade is foam, it has a permanent indentation on the edge of the blade. This was supposed to be a birthday present for my friends son."
My son was very disappointed with the quality of the card selection.
Hair comes off easily.
The glow sticks came without connectors :(
These things popped with in hours at my daughters party and made a mess. Can't with stand 80 degree plus temps
"I was kinda disappointed, the picture shows turtles on everything which is what I wanted because that's my sons 1st birthday theme, but the plates are the only one with turtles on them. The cups and napkins have just regular first bithday on them, I could of just gone down to my local walmart and got those for cheaper. Plus one set of my napkins came in a baggy not original packageing and the cups didn't come in any type of packaging, which is not very santiary. So not very pleased!"
cheap product.  It was torn on the seam when we opened the box.
"Does not stand up straight, falls over"
Quit working after 4 uses
Looks cute.  Made of cheap material.  Co great at replacing pieces that split.
What a rip off..i thought i was getting three like the picture...not 9$ for one package..when there 3$ a package at hot topic....rriiippppp
Unbelievable: the finished puzzle does NOT fit in the box.  A huge inconvenience and effectively makes it much harder and less attractive to a small kid.
Everything seemed fine with the box until the unwrapping... the batteries installed in the Elmo had burst and all the battery acid had leaked out which had destroyed all the functions off the toy..... long story short got a lemon waste of money!!!!!
Poor quality
I don't even know what these beads are made out of. They are ABSOLUTE GARBAGE!!!! Don't waste your money on this trash! They're not semi precious at all and there is zero shine. Just a complete waste of money. I'd rather use gum balls as beads!
"This must be a scam of some sort!  I order one, received it a few days later and then opened it up...all I got was a little back tub (probably normal to contain the pieces) BUT it was filled with nothing but little white pieces of plastic.  Will never order this product again, no matter how much I want it!  :("
Not at all what I expected.  The dresses seemed to be made of a cheap paper like material and really didn't fit my daughter 's Barbie dolls!  Some of the ribbons on the dresses began to fray in less than a week.  I will stick to the Mattel Barbie clothes from now on !!!
Another time of getting ripped off on amazon. It does not fit at all.
Completely useless. Not as advertised
Terrible pulls!! The package came kinda damaged but the cards were fine. I don't usually like ordering just a single box at a time but I couldn't order multiples so I went with just 1 and man was that a big mistake. It really feels like I got scaled by these guys. I have never had a box opening that did not produce a secret rare... well that is no longer true. Out of the 24 packs I only managed 6 holos? This has to be the worst box opening ever in the history of yugioh and I don't think I'd be buying any time soon from this seller.
"Each piece of the fire station comes separately and has to be put together.  It's easy enough but takes about 15 minutes and the directions could be better.  There are pictures but none of the pieces are labeled.  Even when snapped together carefully,  the station does not stay together.  The doors come off constantly and my 3-year-old can take it apart by himself.<br /><br />The firetruck itself fits in the palm of my hand.  It seems to be a good size for a toddler, but definitely looks bigger in the picture on Amazon.<br /><br />We received this as a gift.  The kids enjoy it, but I probably wouldn't suggest buying it because of the issue of it coming apart constantly."
"The package I received were not original Stetro pencil grips, but a knockoff made in China. I have several of the original, branded, Made in the USA, grips and needed more. These are not it and do not conform to the finger as well as the original Stetro grips. The bag was labelled Stetro, however."
"The truck started smoking only a few minutes after my grandson started using it, It smelled like the pc board was burning. I removed the battery, boxed it up and returned it."
Very poorly made which is a shame because my kids loved it.
Shoes leave marks on my child and cut her
"This was product that my son was vary excited about. He spent his own money to purchase this TMNT Blimp. It arrived as agreed, in fact I think a day earlier then expected. He was vary excited indeed. Took it out of the box and did the assembly (will need to be done by an adult), its not complicated. After assembly, my son played with it for only a few minutes when it started to loose air. Unable to locate the leak and now it just sits in his room. This was a lot of money for a 6 year old who is now extremely disappointed and so am I. I don't believe it is the seller fault for the defective toy."
"Very Bad one. I didnt expect for $36 you will get only 16 tissues,cups and paper Plates. it is stealing of money.<br /><br />http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00Y1HWAYC?redirect=true&ref_=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0<br /><br />DONT BUY . Waste of Money."
"We bought these for a camping trip and while the solution did glow, the bubbles did not."
Broke after 1 hit.
This light saber was broken when it was taken out of the box.  It lasts one minute.  Very poor quality.
We followed the directions to a T and they lasted a day. Didn't even get to the 5 day mark to see them grow and feed them. VERY DISAPPOINTED 6 yr old girl in our house!
"Not a perfect round balloon. 2 of the 3 had holes when I received them. The material is extra thin compared to other latex balloons. Unfortunately, will not be purchasing these again. The same happened to the white ones I purchased."
"Very disappointed in this product.  I own several of the  10 days games and this one is not like the rest.  The board is laminated paper,  the cards are paper,  the card holders are plastic.  All of my other 10 days games are  made of heavy cardboard and wood.  The price was the same as the well made product but the quality is not the same.  Even the box that the game came in is a disappointment.  I will not suggest this game to my friends like I have  the others.  The picture of the box here is not what I received.  This game would be ok if I had not seen the quality that out of the box is capable of our if the price reflected the  cheaper material the game is made of.  Highly dissatisfied."
"I was not impressed with all the zip ties to hold it together and then trying to move the battery back and forth to balance the hex was quite awkward. I was expecting some rubber feet to stabilize the gear on a hard surface, instead it rocks back and forth on the edge of the carbon fibre struts. I would not recommend this as a stable platform for an FPV drone."
"the suspension part/link broke and it's been less than a month.  Otherwise the toy is a good toy.  I will try to ask Kidzlane to send me the suspension parts.  These parts need to be of a better/stronger quality.  I paid $50 for this and without suspension, the toy is useless!"
Smaller than I thought.  I'd pass on this its not really that great.
"worthless, can't believe I spent money on it"
Came broken and don't spark possibly as a result of being broken.
"&#34;Received the car but it wouldn't go forward. After a couple of weeks contacting Lutema, they finally got back with us. They diagnosed the problem as a bad remote but wouldn't replace it. Told us to contact the place we bought it from. But because they took too long, now we can't return the item to Amazon. We are now stuck with an expensive paperweight and a sad boy. DON&#34;T BUY THIS CAR!!!&#34;"
Ordered 8 and only 4 worked out of the box. Dot buy cheap cheap cheap
This kit contains defective motors and electronic speed controllers. Hobbytown tech person could not solve the various problems with this kit. They spent two and an half hours testing everything. Complete and total junk motors and esc.
"Couple of things to consider when ordering a Medium (described as a youth 8):<br />1. Sizing is really off. Pants were more like a 5-6, shirt is closer to 7.<br />2. Feel of material is very uncomfortable, sort of hard and not soft at all.<br />3. Vest was just right for an 8.<br /><br />Only positive note was that the return was easy! :)"
"Junk...would never recommend this to any of my friends, especially to those who have children that are looking forward to getting these action figures...broke my grandson heart that one figures head came off when he took it out of the package and another figures light didn't work..very, very disappointing."
"We bought this for our grandson's 4th birthday.  It did not even last for a full day.  After an hour or so, it would no longer reverse.  We thought it was  because the battery was running down, however, even after fully re-charging the battery, it still won't reverse.  Our son took it apart and the internals seem O.K. but when you put the treads back on, it doesn't have enough powe to move in reverse (which you need to turn it around)."
The pinwheels DO NOT SPIN - even in high wind.  A complete waste of money.
"Didn't even last 10 minutes before one of the seams burst.  Fortunately, the seam that burst was on the tail-end, and I was able to zip tie off the water tube that led to it - this kept the rest of the water sprinklers pressurized.  Fun, but it should have lasted a few days, not 10 minutes before bursting."
"like other reviews state, the rubber bands are made of poor quality rubber that goes brittle and falls apart after a few months.  It will deteriorate regardless of if you use the bow or not."
Received and tried 10 and so far 2 didn't work and there were no color variation what so ever they were all white lights.  Very disappointed at least any color would do but plain white is not a color to me.
Gun don't work!
Stick with imaginext...this thing is total junk and falls apart constantly. Hulk's head broke off immediately and is lost. The little guns don't work and none of the pieces fit together properly. Really terrible.
Kids played with it for 30 minute and it popped. Piece of junk
One of the items was broken when it arrived but I didn't have time to return it because we were leaving for vacation the next day. It was a surprise for my son for our beach trip. We were all bummed.
"These gloves were of terrible quality. The seams ripped the first time I put them on. The material itself was very thin and therefore didn't really appear white. i didn't need really fancy gloves, but these were very very cheap looking, feeling, and performing. Didn't end up using them and had to go out and find other gloves."
"Very disappointed product details is misleading, its states product is 12 inches when in fact its only about 6 inches. so small it fights on the palm of my hand. very upset with this purchase...such a rip off"
They look nothing like the photo.
To messy and hard to get off my son's little hands.
"Van Slyke threw right handed. Interestingly enough, the 1993 starting lineup had his throwing hand correct."
"Very bad quality. First of all the shipment packet came opened. It was told to be 144 balloons, but the bag has only 98 balloons.<br />2nd, the size is said to be 11&#34; but its not more than 5&#34; . I have a 12&#34; balloon with me at home, this is less than half the size of the 12&#34; balloon. Very disappointing. More over there are 25 pink balloons and rest all are 8 or 9 of each color, 1 white and 2 brown."
"I bought this cover as it was recommended for the pool we bought. It doesn't completely cover the pool. It works great for putting on the bottom to protect it from holes, but I wouldn't recommend for a cover."
I got this doll the year after my cherish doll also from ashton drake this doll looked exactly like the picture I was so happy but then my sister picked up the doll by the head and pulled off her hair the doll lost 2 fingers 1 arm  and her bow was glued on I had to throw her away. But the biggest problem was I couldn't set her down because she was sticky silicone is not as good as vinyl.
Be aware it is a mini set!! My grand daughter is 5 and t these are almost too small for her. I could have got a similar set at our local dollar store.
"I was initially excited to have a xylophone in a percussion set like this. However, the egg shakers have a visible seam, which makes me concerned about durability and the danger if they cracked and leaked. Also, the xylophone is poorly made and out of tune."
Broke after a few flights.
poor quality they broke already where the pin is pulled out leaving a sharp object for kids to get hurt with
They break within a few minutes of a child playing with it.
"My sister and I both bought tents for our little ones... My sis got the Ikea circus tent... and I picked this one up because it had good reviews. The Ikea tent is really well made, good quality. This tent is cheaply made and bad quality. The material is really flimsy. Have used it twice for my little girl and niece and has already began to tear."
I purchased 20 of these paddle balls for a party. No one person could hit the ball more than once. The ball is too light and the string is to firm to work. This design is not functional.
Got on fire beware
"Box arrived in very bad condition. It had lots of marks and was bent a lot. As a collector, don't buy, you would want everything with better quality than this ."
all four suction cups do not work well at all. they keep falling every 5 minutes.
"I got something called premium gold two: river of gold. This not what I ordered. When I opened them, I noticed the gold was way shinier. The cards seem pretty real, they have all the numbers and letters, the stickers in the bottom right. Everything matches up its just a brighter gold, and that means these are either European or fake. I'm very displeased with my purchase and what's really unfortunate is I bought two."
"Obi wan car was damaged, couldn't see it until after it was open."
"Hardware missing, box all banged up...i haven't had time to call and request another set of hardware or return it."
My 3 year old son got this from his grandparents and it doesn't work :-(
Very small for the price .
Didn't know it was used when it came in the mail it of course had Andy writen on the bottom of woodys boots but so was another name I'm guessing the name of the kid that had it before me
too small
Yeah I saw the pictures and was lead to believe that I was getting the xyz monsters in them along with the other cards. I was also only given 49 cards which is picky but I already dislike this distributer so I'm here to complain. I was given 1 super rare and 2 rares only. Thanks for the toilet paper.
Very displeased with this product. Broke within two days. My son is handicapped and loves his music :(
YOU CAN GET THESE FOR FREE!<br /><br />When you visit ANY of the Disney Hotels OR Parks ask a cast member at Guest Relations or at the front desk where you check in. They will gladly give you one of these for FREE.
"Pure garbage. Do not buy. Not &#34;almost&#34; impossible, COMPLETELY impossible to untangle. Bought them for a charity project and my family of four only managed to salvage 4 of them from the 48 sold after several hours of effort.  They were not just tangled, they were COMPLETELY KNOTTED purposefully in ways almost impossible to imagine. They must have either been made in a sweat shop where the workers' hands would be cut off if there were any discrepancies in the number or weight delivered, thus the correct amount was indelibly knotted together, or else made by poor people who disdained rich consumerist Americans spending money on such junk. Make your own out of recycled cardboard and thread."
it came with the middle wood divider broken =(
Cheap and small
Worthless
Please do not purchase these. So dissapointed. Bought them for our 7 hour plane trip and couldn't even use them because they didn't work at all and  we couldn't hear anything in them the sound wasn't even audible. They look great but are not practical at all. Pay the extra money and get nice ones for the kiddos if you want them to be able to enjoy their device.
The bucket / scoop is plastic.. The description said it was all metal. When the kids use it in the sand it bends and flexes its just a matter of time till the bucket/scoop breaks.
"Just like many others who have posted, one wash in the Dishwasher and I ended up with Blank Glasses. All logos melted off completely and I had even tossed the box already so I guess i am stuck with my new Clear Glass Firefly cups"
"Mine just flat out doesn't work.  You pull it back and I think it's supposed to just shoot out, but it doesn't.  It clicks.  That's it.  Piss poor design."
"Very dissatisfied. When I received this product 3 days late, it was open and all messed up."
"I bought this the first time, took it to the beach, and not even a brawny policeman could get it to close.  Ordered a replacement chair, and the first time we pushed the button to fold up the chair, the button broke off.  Cute but complete piece of garbage."
Piece of junk
"This tank is far too small for a betta. Bettas require at least 2.5 gallons of water, as well as a heater and a filter. They also need hides, which this tank does not provide. Please don't put a betta in this size tank, it's really really not humane. If you want to get your child a good gift that will teach him or her to care properly for animals, I would recommend starting with a 5 or 10 gallon tank with a betta and a few snails in it. He or she will be happy to see the fish enjoying all of the space it has, and will also learn proper care for animals."
Here's the facts it does not work on water as advertised. The car broke In three days and it needs constant fixing.<br />It works great at first but the wheeles get worn out very fast and the antnna also broke. The battery wears out quickly as well. If you want to buy a good car walk away from this one.
"Brutal!! Super small, babies could easily choke. Wood is very thin. As soon as a piece got wet the paint ran."
"Ugly doll. Literally. Unless your into these Funko Uglydoll series, you will not enjoy this."
Is it right that the kid runs his heels over with the back wheels?
received product open and broken.
This is not a good item to purchase. The &#34;gel&#34; that you draw on never truly gets cleared of the previous smear and it fills back in right behind the pen they provide. My 2 year old likes the lights and music but gets bored because you cant do much other than smudge it. VERY disappointed in the quality from Crayola.
Y'all Keep Sending Stuff Like This E~Bay Is Looking Better Every Day !!!!
Wheels never turn correctly in front.  Frustrating.  Already gave away.
"Just bad, its all I can say"
"Terrible quality control. Like others have said, she looks dirty right out of the box."
RIP OFF!
It was definitely not what my grandson expected - it is not a sturdy basketball hoop - my son felt it was missing a part to keep the net on the backboard and I emailed the company and they have  done nothing - I would never recommend this product to anyone or the company it came from.
The package was completely open on one side. When I opened the box the balls were everywhere. One ball was dented in.
my order was stolen at the same day of delivery
"Bought this for my grandson for his birthday.  Worked for one day, and now it doesn't work at all.  Amazon won't return it because it is more than 30 days old.  Udiric is in China so I got nowhere with them.  What a waste of my money and a HUGE disappointment for my grandson."
Do not buy at any cost unless you enjoy a super glue project.  I got four of these and all four arrived with a broken arm carrying the torch.  I'm not sure if it is the packaging or just poor craftsmanship.  Statue of Liberty's torch-arm was broken on all four items.
Super cute but doesn't stay inflated long.  Have to reinflate after a few hours of use.  Disappointment.
Does not work. Only meows. Requesting another.
The board game that I received was in very bad shape. Missing pieces.
Do not buy.
Waste of money. The ball didn't even stick to the velco. Nephew lost interest in about 2 minutes. Definately not the same velcro ball and gloves I remember growing up with.
Very disappointed not Jumbo sized at all
Darts would only go 18 feet not 100 as the description claims. Other Mega Nerf guns my son has go 75 feet consistently.
Glasses are foggy.  You can hardly see thru them.  Sending mine back.
First time using it right out of the box as I was pumping it up I heard air coming out of a tiny hole.
not very good quality starting to tear in places
Got used with holes and mold on it...  Very upset
"Very disappointed not as pictured! We where hopping for one as pictured as we already had one that my daugther carries everywhere, was hoping this one would be back up! Took 10 days to get it!"
the output gear does not have the same type teeth as the idler gear and there&#34;s no input shaft for spur gear don't buy this
They didnt send the right puzzle and it was really sketchy looking. sent back.
"Once I received it, it broke literally in the first 5 seconds out of the box. The plastic is too brittle and won't stand up to any use."
"We opened it, tried to shot an arrow and it fell into three pieces."
"Didn't work for me I purchased them to show the granda-kids what a big let down, I had been talking them up for weeks, what a flop never again"
"Plastic tiles, really?"
poor quality
"If you have the misfortune of buying one of these puzzles or receive one as a gift, immediately douse it in lighter fluid and set it on fire before your child can lay eyes on it. It is so flimsy that each piece your child places will cause any assembled pieces to come apart. Despite the frustration level, my son's love of Mickey and newly discovered masochism spurs him to ask to do this puzzle several times a day. He stubbornly talks his way through the picture looking for the next piece as I attempt to hold his work together until the exercise mercifully ends. At that moment there is no trace of his usual sense of pride at the end of puzzle, just mutual relief that we can move on to something more fun. I know he will go back to the well again though, with only the optimism that a 3 year old can muster hoping next time it will be better. I bought this at the Dollar Store not knowing that my bargain was actually a deal with the devil. Don't make the same mistake."
Came with a defective compartment.  B/c I ordered in spring but didn't open until June--I couldn't exchange it b/c it exceeded 30 days.  Disappointment.
These are horrible!  Won't fit an adult to use as a teaching tool. Cheap. Parts falling off by just touching them
Modeling clay included was dried up. Unfortunately didn't open this gift until after 30 days of ordering so no returns.
This gun sucks it don't work stay with nerd
Broke almost immediately
I hate this bed! It's NOT easy to put together by ANY means and it's a cheap piece of crap!
"Worst item ever ordered on Amazon. The handle was thin fishing line, broken & beads all over the place. Very very dangerous for a toddler. The tin case was dented. I just threw it out, as returning would have cost me money. Not at all what I had expected & will be more careful in the future."
"Maybe I made a mistake in filling the balloons a couple of hours earlier than when the kids were going to play with them, but by the time they wanted to use them, all the water had come out of them and they were all 1&#34; in diameter. It sounds like a very cool idea but in reality they did not work at all for me and my money was wasted."
"This toy isn't very 'safe' for small children. The head us easy to separate from its body and if pushed wires can be seen. I was really disappointed by the quality but I will say that an older child, says seven or eight, would probably really enjoy this. Seven dollars is acceptable to pay or less the plastic us solid bit the 'neck' attachment is not. A headless doll would probably last generations."
"Do NOT buy this!!  Goes through size C batteries constantly, and my son doesn't even play with it that often.  The gun will only work when batteries are fresh and new.  Batteries that are running out of juice aren't able to power the gun and make it work properly.  Really disappointing...my son spent his own money to buy this garbage and now he wants to spend more money buying batteries.  And did I mention that it jams constantly?  Horrible product."
"After reading the reviews, I assumed this would be easy to assemble without much difficulty.  First, the directions are vague, but if you look at the photo and use a little logic, it makes sense.  HOWEVER, right off the bat, our big main pieces didn't line up, throwing everything else off.  Since it's lightweight balsa wood, too much pressure is going to splinter and break the pieces.  So after twenty minutes of attempting to assemble the first three pieces (while my nine year old quickly lost interest), I put the pieces back into the bag and walked away.  Pretty much a waste of $12.00 for what should have been a neat little birthday present.  :("
"While my niece loved it, it was far, far too light to be able to use :( This would be wonderful for someone younger than she is, she is nine"
Did not fit properly and canopy would not stay up
I got in like in 3 weeks Then in one day it stopped working
Misleading. It's four trays of exactly the same colors on all four trays. They are not good quality. Should have just sucked it up and re-ordered my RoseArt 100 pack. Lesson learned.
"Very disappointed, only came with 1 dozen, not the 2 dozen as shown in product description."
Cards were not as advertised - included none of the God cards. None of the cards in the photo were sent.
I ordered the panda and got the cat!
Cheap
"Very cheesy and the hanging toys are a very hard plastic.  Also, the top faces at a funny angle so you can't see the face of it when the baby is laying underneath it.  It's either they can reach the hanging toys or they hang see the face of it while the toys dangle around their waist"
"Warning! !! Do not purchase this produc.  The first day that I used the float it leaked .Not only that ,I had to blow it up myself. It did not come with aI device to inflate the float with. Plus it took me over 2 hours to blow it up. I'm surprised I didn't hyperventilate and pass out. I definitely would not recommend this product to anyone."
"Bought it as a gift, charge last 8 minutes, disappointing for our son, bought it a month before opening the box , too late too return."
After 2 runs 3 of 4 screws are lost. It doesn't worth it!
"This item was awful.  When we opened the box, the wheel fell off.  My supervisor opened the 2nd one and touched the wheel twice before it went flying.  We are going to ask someone to drill and attached a longer screw to hold this together."
"This container is too small for a live animal. Definitely don't buy this container though, unless you want to keep some cool looking rocks (and nothing else) in it."
"Saddle and bridle fit two different size horse toys. Both are way too small to fit AG (18&#34; doll) accessory horses, despite what the current description said. We returned this."
The truck looks and feels terribly cheap. It almost looks like a Tonka knock off.  The stickers are faded and two are crooked.  My sons $6 little 5 inch fire engine looks and sounds better. I would had returned it had I not needed it for a gift.
stopped working after 1 week
It is made out of foam and the packaging caused me to break it before we even got to use it.
Very cheap
Cheap cards RIP OFF!
I have not bought this product yet. But was interested in purchasing it. By my calculations the smaller size Play-Doh (141g / 5oz @ $4.49 to $5.06) is either cheaper or the same cost of buying this in bulk (6lbs / 2700g @ $89.99 - $109.99).  Worse yet the 5oz is available on Prime and the 6lb isn't. So that extra $8 shipping eats up any potential cost savings. The 1 star rating is simply on the price. I love Play Doh. But this purchase makes no economical sense. I saw the 6lbs and got all excited. I was very disappointed after doing the math. Hasbro we have calculators too!
This is a stupid joke.
"Unfortunately, we bought two of these items and could not get either of them to work. They are very delicate and break easily. Definitely not work the $50 price tag. Unfortunately, my grandkids tore the packages up on Christmas day and they were thrown out, so I could not return the items."
"This is highly priced for what you get. The design is pretty, but I did not realize it would be one pack of 12 tallies rather than 12 packs (which would have been more reasonably priced)."
Absolute junk. By far the worst item I have ever bought. The balloons leak water the second they release. This is the biggest scam. The balloons leaked so fast the kids didn't even have a chance to throw half of them
Both had holes
I ordered a &#34;Cyber End Dragon&#34; secret rare from MTG deals and instead I got a Cyber Dragon secret rare. I'm not happy about this.
These are horrible. Ordered in June as Prime and didn't receive till August 10th. Will not fit normal fingers. Parts falling off just by touching.
"Don't waste your money on this.  Our 10-year-old (who loves science) was bored after the second project, asked us if it was too late to return it for something else.<br /><br />You're not really buying a 7 experiment kit, it's 2 different ones that are dressed up differently for the others.  Plus, some of these experiments don't even allow you to activate the gyroscope - they're basically just crude, non-working models.<br /><br />To top off this disappointment, the holes in the plastic of the gyroscope that pins must be inserted into are weak, and inserting the pins into one of these quickly displayed white, stressed areas that then left the pins pushed in beyond the point that they could be removed or secure parts any longer. (see photo attached)<br /><br />Spin yourself away from this product."
Smaller than I thought they are bout 2 inches long bout the size of a hot wheel kinda expensive for something so small
Product arrives with a box cutter slice through his head. We filled him the day of my son's 2yr birthday party so that's when we discovered it. I am very disappointed. He would have loved him :(
Broke within 5 minutes.
No box and  it was Boot leg
"Seems like to way to extract more money from fanats. Completely useless, unbalanced and bory."
"Be careful.  Half of the comics were independent, that is, not Marvel and DC.  It was not made clear in the description that so many books in this batch were produced by independent companies."
The laugh button is very difficult to find and sustain Not a toy that children can use and is frustrating to work even for adults
I just wish this was easier to take apart...the pieces are so small and some take a while to take apart. I wish they had little ridges or something to get leverage to take them apart.  Instructions are very clear and my 5 year old has no problem putting them together. I love that you can make multiple toys in one but trying to take it apart is more frustrating then anything. I will not be buying anymore of these sets. I will stick to the sets where you build them once and you are done.
7.70 on nitrorcx. you buy 4 for 30.80 and get free shipping. this is a shame.
VERY CHEAP -- deflated every day -- trashed it!!!  WASTE OF MY $!!!!!!
"This is completely nuts. 3 replacement balls for $46.95 when I can buy the triple hit set, that includes 3 balls, for $23.61. Amazon should check their price structure!!!"
"It's not that this book isn't what it's supposed to be, just that I didn't expect it to be so messy.  Basically your kid scratches off black dried ink to reveal the pictures.  Where does that ink end up?  Everywhere!  It has stained so many things in our household and my son's stroller and his hands.  Basically, the only way to use this book is to have your child use it outdoors and then to get him or her right into the bath.  Way too much drama.  I will avoid these scratch books in the future and if you like to keep a moderately clean home, you should avoid this kind of book too."
I received it on the right day but it only came with the board no dice or pieces and it looks like it has been used and dirty dont buy it
Terrible! It didn't work at all!
I must have bought 7 of these since christmas and they are a lot more sensitive then described The longest one lasted was about a week. They are awesome when they work but dissappointing in their longetivity.
😊
The chair is so flimsy it's not worth it.  My child falls back in it or off the side.
"Was broken when we got it,"
"Broke after one use.  No more lights, no more sounds to all three.  I would not buy again."
"In my order, I only received 4 props instead of 8.  I will contact BTG and see of they can make good on this."
Leap Frog is the absolute worst company ever!
Not level....useless.  Save your money
"I was disappointed in the quality of the item.  The plates were only cake size, and the forks melted when inserted into the hot dogs we had.  Would not recommend this item."
Terrible quality. Returned product.
"The UDI 818 A is a well made quadcopter, with high levels of plastic. The power of the motors is lacking for out door use."
Terrible!! Complete fake! The paint job on the toys is messed up and the packaging and shopping bags are a different color then the original ones. Don't waste your money
Worked for about an hour... It won't keep the air anymore. VERY disappointed.
The card was chipped on the left side when it came.
The toy was slight dirty and oily
"It was out of curiosity that I bought this board. It is really nothing, just a pressed paper with some alphabet and numbers, on a stiff board with a plastic indicator which does not move properly even if I want to! Boring, and nonsense!"
Bottom fell out in a couple uses
I should have listened to the reviews. It did not cover the pool well at all. It is constanly flying off with a gust of wind even when you tightened the strings. Would not recommend.
The truck moves on its own and the person cannot come out.
"Bought this puzzle at the Downtown Disney location in Anaheim, CA. My family and I were so excited to put this together - so much that we did it in one sitting! Unfortunately after we finished assembling the puzzle, we found that the puzzle was missing a piece out of packaging! I am highly disappointed in the quality of this product. Why would you buy a puzzle only to end up having a missing piece?"
well when it came it had everything until I looked at it again  and it did not have the resistors
"I got this kit thinking it would be an easy restart to garage kits,boy was I wrong.The paint everywhere other than the eyes was horrible and it came with a broken heel.good luck trying to reattach with epoxy.It won't allow anything to stick to it.I got the seams fixed,but now I have to repaint the entire damned thing since it was so poorly cast.If it was me I'd of cast them in resin honestly.The quality and paint would be far better.Pretty can't fix poor design."
This boat looked like it was used when I received it.  The inside of the boat had rust and just did not look correct.  We bought this for my son for our camping trip up to the lake.  As soon as we put the boat in the water the boat control never worked.  The boat just went in circles and did not respond to the remote.  We had to take a kayak out to retrieve the boat 2 times before we just said this thing is broken.<br /><br />We spend a few days looking at reviews on many types and thought this was the best out there.  I guess not.  Very disappointed in this product.  Buyers be very carful buying this item.
Did not like this
Very disappointing ! My 4yo granddaughter shot her stomp rocket much higher !
"These are knock off ones, FYI."
Very dissatisfied. This product was not delivered when it was suppose to.
very sad because these were party favors and only a few worked- the few that did work were hard to operate ( push the button)
Not what I expected
"given as gift. returned to store. as far as could tell, nothing wrong with product, just not what they wanted."
music is not original but remakes.  not even good remakes
"My 9 year old daughter was very excited when she received that gift and started experimenting right away. All that brought her is frustration. None of the experiment worked. Even with her Dad's help she couldn't make them work. We returned it and exchange it for Physics Discovery by Thames and Kosmos. She has made several experiments out of that kit, and they all worked well."
the pen doesn't communicate to the diagram. I have programmed the pen reader to the computer and it not download the data without me purchasing a new diagram- the US map is the same.
"Missing parts...No doc, NO spiderman, NO stickers!  Bag number 1 was open it was full filled by zline34 I have reach out to them with NO response!!!"
Package had been open previously when it arrived.  None of the colors of the Shopkins matched the colors on the list.  COUNTERFEIT!  Returned for refund!
was not what i expected.  Cheap made.
It did not work...very disappointing and I am having a hard time sending it back for a refund.  :(
Do not buy these. The adults at our birthday party could not get any of the wands out of the bottles; the opening was too small and the wand too short. We needed to throw away the bubbles so no little kids saw them.
The bear was damaged when we received it. The hood wasn't  properly sewn by the manufacturer and had an area that was missing stitching about an inch long that left a hole in the front of the hood. Wish the seller checked their product before sending me a defected bear for my little girl.
These were junk. I bought them to put in my sons favor bags and they either broke right away or didn't work at all. Very disappointing.
Worked for about 2 mins then quit running. Was fast but didnt plane nearly as fast or turn very tight compared to my buddies Barbwire. Returned(thanks amazon) and bought Atomic Barbwire. Much better boat(more hobby grade).
"ZERO STARS GIVEN.  These balloons did NOT work like they are supposed to.  They did not stay sealed, we ended up tying the ones we could and these balloons did not fill up very much before falling off the sticks so the balloons that did fill (which again we had to tie to keep filled) were about 1.5 inches across filled.  I would definitely not buy these again and would not recommend them at all."
Although I knew that this keyboard was slightly used when I ordered it only worked for a couple of weeks before it completely stopped working.
Bought this for my son who is absolutely obsessed with trains. Quality was very poor. I used the word &#34;was&#34; because he completely destroyed it in less than ten minutes. The track took some real effort to snap together and it also broke very quickly. If you are looking for a decorative piece maybe it would work.
Within 5 mins of outside play on soft grass the product sprung 3 leaks. Don't buy this product.
Cheap
"Very unhappy with this product, parts missing & it looks like it was used for a while.  I had to purchase screws to put it together & caps to hold the wheels on, However, I did manage to make it usable & the Grandchildren have enjoyed it."
If I could give it negative stars I would. Very cheaply made product and not to mention the peeled banana looks like a male organ. Very inappropriate.
"Need instructions as how to open.  As an old lady looking to give grandkids money gifts, it is useless if I can't open it"
very over-priced...suggest you make it yourself...
Bad Product ever seen ...  even in dark it  is not glowing.. NOT NOT NOT NOT recommend to buy. Don't waste your money on this product
It ripped within ONE HOUR of putting it into the pool. With one 60 pound 9 year old.<br />VERY disappointing!<br />I took a picture because I was so shocked. We have NO idea how or what made it rip :-/
"this is not an alpacasso. i know, i know, it doesn't say it is... but it looks like one, is about the right price and came up when i searched alpacasso, so i didn't think twice about it and now im mad.<br />its got a cute face but it has a weird shaped body and its fur feels gross (just kind of cheap but also it felt like it was coated in some sort of film? i don't know if its washable)...also it doesn't have the blush on the cheeks. it just looks like a cheap carnival prize.<br /><br />if you don't mind a gross knockoff i am sure you can find it cheaper elsewhere.<br /><br />(edit:i noticed they've lowered the price, so maybe its worth it now???)"
It stopped working after 2 minutes
Not sturdy
It is a small Rex not the full size one. I thought for the price I was getting the full size Rex but this is definitely not worth the money. It's my own fault for not reading the description more carefully.
fun game instead of i-pad!
Item received on time. Not an easy product for young children to use. Nothing like the real Dippin'dots!  Awful taste and not visibly appealing.
Both hands broke off as well as the head
GAGA Gorilla doesn't work!! I bought this item back in August for a Christmas present and never checked it until today very disappointed !!
turns out you can't steer the thing. also it broke within five minutes of playing. threw out the box so now I can't return it:(
Figures are cool but the sets are not complete. Do not expect to get a full set because there is no guarantee.
My wife had one like this (different company) and loved it.  Unfortunately after 3 years it died out.  I ordered this one hoping it would be close to the other one.  It is not.  Only lasted a week.  Disappointed!!
It ripped easily
"I bought these to put over my daughter's bed. They are cute. They are bright. However, the switch is junk - they don't shut off.  &#34;Moooommmm! My lights won't shut off again!&#34;  &#34;MOM! My lights turned on by themselves again!&#34;  Ugh!  What a waste!  What's the point of an on/off switch when it doesn't work?"
"Do not spend the money on this product, unless you intend to use it indoors only. I can't believe Disney would allow its branding on such a cheaply made product.  The price was reasonable but still does not reflect the quality of the product."
"The paper value for the cards in this set is 100-120 dollars depending. Most of the other 2011 sets sell much closer to their real value. For some reason this set is almost 100 dollars more. I have no idea why. Kaalia is worth about $30, or $60 if you get her in the Commander Arsenal set. The rest of the good rares are worth about 6 dollars, and then it goes to about a dollar a card or less.<br /><br />I understand sellers are trying to make a profit. They deserve to profit, but the markup on this set is 100% of normal.<br /><br />Just get Devour for Power, Counterpunch, Mirror Mastery, or Political Puppets, and skip this."
Very Cheap. Destroyed in 5 minutes.
I gave the candle to my niece for her kids birthday party...it did NOT work.....did not open up as stated or spin or play happy birthday....was a huge disappointment.  Would not recommend to anyone.
daughter is a huge superman fan.  Key ring broke in a week
"The pencil case I received was opened, and the pencil was scattered in the box. There is no less lucky. But the package is really disappointing."
Sally was half opened and there is like pink paint on her foot. This is NOT acceptable.
"The vibration really soothed my baby on long car rides, but mine stopped working after about a month and was unfixable."
It came with no directions.
"Very disappointed, children's size not an adult as described! Will return"
Falls apart easily.
"We were so excited to get these prior to our vacation but after a couple hours of use on the beach, the outside of the balls started to come apart at the seams.  Not the quality that I expected given the price.  Won't be getting these again."
Cheap plastic and flimsy. I do not recommend this product for the approximate $80 price tag.
"This cost $20, but it is made out of cheap plastic and the jacks are huge.  This is a rip off."
"Very cheaply made compared to other Iron Man masks that I've seen in stores for the same price.  There is only an elastic string to hold the mask on compared to other masks which have a thicker velcro strap.  Also, there is no &#34;padding&#34; to make it more comfortable.  It is only hard plastic."
"These were a cheap knock off version, not the original bunch o balloons as advertised.  I have had the original and they were in a different packaging and had a completely different feel to them.  After great success with the original brand, I was nervous as I realized these were not the same as I had before.  My suspicions were confirmed when NONE of the balloons stayed filled.  They did not seal after being filled and therefore immediately emptied.  Every single one of them.  Thankfully, this seller did the right thing and refunded my purchase.  Do not be deceived.  These are not the same as the original."
"Side wood panels are made from soft pine and not finished at all.  If you ready to spend some time for wood sanding and staining, then it's ok. Figues are ok, but felt material on the bottom is too thin - need to glue more thick fabric to eliminate unpleasant wood-to-wood clop when you move figures on the desk.<br />I was in good mood and just considered the set as a DIY kit which worth $10. Another time I would just return it back."
Not a good bubble machine.  Barely worked.  Sending it back.
"Super cheap tattoos, they didn't go on easily and almost every one ripped or peeled on itself."
"I bought my first Flamingo, and it lasted a week and then it got a hole in it :(<br />I bought another one because our Family loves the look of it floating in our pool.  This time the wing tore off :(<br />Is there any way I could get a replacement?"
Glue does not stick at all. Total waste of money. Customer service is very bad. The tattoos did were a waste of time and the kids were upset as they would not stick and peel off right away. I will never buy from them again.
Hair comes off easily
Very disappointing I expected a much bigger truck My grandchild was also disappointed Not worth the price
"This was the biggest ripoff of a kids hard earned money. My son bought this and he received a &#34;instructional &#34; DVD and two thin strips of (tin?) don't really know what they are. He eagerly put the DVD into the player and it was a 30 second video of someone doing the trick, not one second is used to teach how to do.. The only &#34;magic&#34; here was how fast they made my sons money disappear... Save your $$$$ guys on this one..."
"Super exited to get these in the mail...fun colors. However, not easy to put back together. Little ones become frustrated!!!! Letters are printed on both sides so it is confusing!!!!"
"I bought these thinking that there would be 10, 13ft long strings of these and there is just one.  I could have bought this same thing at party city for $5.00. Definitely would have been worth the money I spent if there had been 10 of these in the packaging. But it was not.<br /><br />Disappointed."
Stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid crap And I want to rate it a half star but I don't know how to do it 👎👎👎👎👎😟😐😐😐😐😐
The picture of the sword shows that there was a shoulder strap however mine did not come with it this is a rip off
"We were not pleased with this item. It was thin and poor quality, so we returned it."
"I returned this to the seller! Nothing wrong with it, my daughter did not like it!"
"This item is deceitful.  The image clearly shows a box of 48 sticky hands and no where in the description does it show that the price is for 1 hand, but that is what I got.  Extremely disappointed."
I could not get it to run on wny of my computers.Something about a DLL missing.<br />I have tried everything I can think of  for help. From/ forums /to YouTube /to Microsoft /to trying to get the product company that made it.<br />I have had no luck with any of them.<br />Looks like I just wasted my money.
"Item was easy to blow up, however, it lost air pretty quickly."
"Good for beer holder only, not cooler. Lid just sits on top with loose velcro strap that leaves huge gap in top. A little over half bag of ice melted after about an hour in my pond with about 6 cold beers and 3 waters. Beer will start getting warm after about 1.5 hrs. Get one that holds an insulated sealable cooler."
So bummed!  I bought this last spring--and left it boxed in our pool room until this summer.  When I went to blow it up--the bowl would not stay inflated--BRAND NEW out of the box!  --AND b/c more than 30 days had passed--I could not exchange it!  Will not make any more purchases from this supplier.  :-(  Wondering how this made it through QC @ the company with an obvious defect???  SUPER disappointed.
"not impressed with this toy... needs to be for child less than 6 months old.. It is much smaller than appears and although very cute, it doesn't provide much stimulation for a baby over 6 months old.<br />NO PACKAGING ON THE ITEM AT ALL! Thrown into a shipping bag and dispatched from China. Odd odor, maybe factory smell."
"I am so disappointed that the version that was sent out is not the one pictured. We were sent the new version with flimsy cards, plastic card holders and a flimsy box. We will be sending this back!! Not worth the money. We love all of the older versions of the 10 day games. It's unfortunate that they haven't kept the quality of the older version."
Would have been a nice puzzle if it wasn't missing a piece.
"Not impressed at all, my package was open and damaged, the table was all scuffed up... Not happy that I had to give it to my daughter looking like I bought it at a second hand store, on her birthday..."
"I was very excited to receive these toys for my Littles, but I do have a concern about two of them.  The bead balls with the elastic cord -- the elastic is a very thin, about 1/4 inch and not even sewn together, just tied together.  A little mouthing by a baby and that will come apart and the balls then would be loose.  The balls themselves are a good size and doubt would be a choking hazard.  However, the balls on the single rope are smaller and could pose a choking hazard.  The rope/balls rattle again, there is only a knot at each end, not sewn, etc.  I easily pulled it apart and tried to make at least two knots on each end to make it safer but the rope was not long enough.  The wood rattle with wood rings seems very nice and safe.  Sadly, I will be returning the product."
"Does not fit! Do not buy, hopefully I can get a refund!"
Item was received quickly. However it was incomplete. Black castle missing.
Good luck trying to get this together. Pices are so small very hard to hold on to them while putting it together and directions are very difficult to follow. Have had for a while now and not even 1/4 of the way done with one. We have given up.
"Bought this for my son for his birthday and after charging it for the recommended time, took it outside to get the feel of it.  Get it outside and had trouble getting it to start up unless I was working about 2 ft from it with the remote.  When it did finally take off, it took off for good.  The darn thing kept getting higher and higher until it got to about 100 ft off the ground and just drifted until it was out of sight over a wooded area where I lost sight of it.  It was a total waste of money and now I ha e to spend more money for another gift for my upset son because his gift was lost.  I wouldn't recommend any purchasing this product.  Still waiting on response from Walmart and the company that makes this product."
The Company that makes this actually put their company label on the too of a game piece thereby making it known to players what picture was on the reverse side.  How dumb is that?  I returned it.
These things hurt!!! I purchased this for my ten year old nephew and all the kids at the party were crying from how hard the tips were.
Item is very small and it does not sit up. I had to place tape on the bottom of it so it could stand up. The kids tried to throw the rings around the flamingo's neck but it was just too hard. Best to just buy products that are not inflatable.
I wore them one time and a seam ripped. They are not very comfortable for men.
"Provided several hours of puzzle making time, but 1 piece was missing.  Incredible.  Kind of takes any sense of accomplishment away.  No children or pets in the house."
This fell apart within minutes of my kids playing with it.  It has a cheap price but you get what you pay for.
Sound was not authentic and volume was very weak
"One of the pens didn't work, and the one that did work only worked for an hour."
The 2nd jar of caterpillars was cracked with dead caterpillars.
"Piece of junk. The box was taped up and contents packed in such a way that it looked like it had already been returned by someone else. It was supposed to be a Christmas gift, but I was afraid it would look like I gave them a used gift. I couldn't even donate it to the local toy drive because they only take &#34;new, unopened&#34; gifts."
"These are a joke, they are a hazard to young children.  They are so small they are barely larger than the tip of the eraser on a pencil.  I will be returning these..."
Something is odd if the only reviews are because these people got them free.  Especially if they are mothers of kids that have no idea what they are.
"The Mega Bloks CAT 8252 Car Transporter is JUNK.  The first problem is the truck looks bigger in the picture than it really is.  I didn't look at the dimensions which I probably should have.  The pieces wouldn't fit together so they back end didn't stay on.  This was a gift for a friend's son.  I was very embarrassed giving such a horrible toy to good friends.  Don't buy this!!<br /><br />We were looking for something similar to MEGA BLOKS 652 Caterpillar CAT Tiny 'N Tuff Constructor.  My son loved it and it was a quality toy.  Unfortunately, that has been discontinued.  Mega Bloks need to bring that one back."
very cheaply made
"Bought this to take on vacation with us (rented a house with a pool in Costa Rica) - opened it when we arrived at the house, blew it up and it had a hole - tried patching it up but didn't work.  Disappointing!"
"I bought this for my friend because she absolutely loves hello kitty, and this one was described as 19 inches tall and when it arrived it was barley a foot tall, it was very well made but we were upset about the false description."
"volume was extremely low, could barely hear it when it was up against your ear. very disappointed because my son liked t a lot but not worth it to only see it lite up. I had to return it"
I bought this for my almost 3 year old daughter and she was so disappointed. The tail fell off of the puppy and wouldn't stay attached. I even tried to hot glue it and it didn't help at all. I returned it immediately to Target where I bought it.
This is not a legitimate Pokemon Plush.
The item was broken as soon as I pulled it out of the box. The handle was broken and the lid wouldn't fasten. Poorly made item.
"Bought this and immediately returned it.  Between everyone in our gaming group we own several hundred tabletop games.  This is by FAR the WORST WRITTEN RULE BOOK EVER!<br /><br />Complete trash.  Calls the same facet of the game several different things, and doesn't even mention other facets of the game.  No card descriptions or explication of cards.<br /><br />Just terrible."
"It sounds fake and robotic, only a few sound real. Plus, its supposed to really be muffled, but if you put it under a cushion, it closes the speakers. Useless...I prefer just spraying liquid a** and calling it a day ;)"
For the same price you can get the any man and the new collector corps box on the official website or get all three for around 99$
Broke after 1 day. Cheap plastic.
"Once you bind it to the controller, you can fly normally until you land. If you try to take off again after landing (without turning it off), it will not respond to controls correctly and flies quickly in a random direction. The wheels are flimsy and don't work well either. Get a Cheerson CX10 instead."
"I was disappointed. This doll is very beautiful, but I purchased it to use in a doll cake. It actually looks like a crash test dummy behind the dress. I couldn't  use it for my cake because the elbows, wrists, ankles and  knees. would show and it was creepy. I ended up sending it back and purchased a different one."
I need the puzzle opening instructions.  I use this for giving money gifts and it is useless to me if I can't open it
"It clearly says on the packaging that it includes 6 cookie cutters, 1 ruler, 1 knife, and 1 extruder. I can't even return this because my toddlers seen me open the package and I didn't have the heart to take it away. I feel completely ripped off. This is a cheap piece of plastic. I even had to put the hinge back on because it came hanging off. This was not worth what I paid!"
"not happy at all, i was under the impression that this was a diecast model, and not a plastic one, as i was on on a diecast site,<br />and could'nt find a number to ring and complain. you make it very hard to ring you, you should have a number to complain too,"
This was a real bummer. We love the pool and going to the beach. So you can imagine our first time going to the pool we inflated the float portion and my grandson all of 80lbs climbed in and the fabric tore!! Complete disappointment.
the helicopter was good but the charger adapter just pushed the connection plug in back and would not charge. It would not make a connection
He warned it only one ball. The picture allows the buyer to think thier getting multiple basketballs when you only get one ball that's low quality and was over priced so keep scrolling cuz this is not for you unless you like wasting money and time. My ball only lasted one or two pool excursions before it popped
"Picture is much better than in real life. The product isn't anywhere near Apple-quality.  Device feels bulky, rubber band cheap, LED difficult to read, and the control sequence is rather cumbersome.  Personally, I don't see why an app for any smart watch can't be developed that will provide all of these functions & much more."
It broke the first time I used it. :(
very difficult to build easy o come apart
"The coloring came off and I had paint all over me! I live in Seattle, so it isnt like it gets crazy hot here. Also, the 2-tube system makes these very hard to deflate. Also, this is my bad for not paying more attention, but there no cup holders! Size is good though."
I ordered this for my son because I had seen this at a friends house and thought it would be a great gift for my 14 month old. It turned out to be a dud! When no one is around the puzzle the fire engine siren will go off repeatedly. When you put the right puzzle in the right spot either it won't make any noise at all or the wrong noise will go off. Very disappointing!
They don't stick to the ear.
Terrible quality and very itchy even my girl refuse to wear it
"I have purchased about 20 of the round tubes over the past few years.  Compared to them this is an inferior product.  My friend purchased two of these.  We took them on the river a couple weeks ago.  Halfway through the trip the connection ripped right out of the side resulting in an instant deflate.  The round ones have a rope that goes around them and if you use a carabiner to clip the ropes of two tube together, it spreads the load across multiple points.  On top ot catastrophic failure, the printing wore off underneath the user's thighs after one use.  Have not seen this problem on the round tubes."
"I don't know what happened to my review but here goes again. This recent landing gear is a far cry from the original I bought a year ago for the Vision. I recently crashed and the original saved my gimbel (for the most part) meaning that the bar bent but I fixed it. These new ones are very pliable and bend like a straw. I would have completely destroyed my camera.  Keep the stock gears until you can find another manufacturer. Not sure if others make it, but this manufacturer is no good. You can tell the difference by comparing the thickness of the plastic (about 50%)."
It doesn't work
Ripped right away.
These are horrible. Ordered in June and only received in August on the 10th. Prime product supposedly. Parts falling off just by touching them. Will not fit normal fingers.
"they are junk.. i didnt get to fly the first one, and the second one i got to fly once.. then the circuit board went bad.. 2 helicopters that dont fly"
"fell a few times already after I put it on. doesnt really work, I dont know how it got all these reviews."
One of my planets had a huge hole was using for my classroom am now missing a planet
"NO WINGS, Very Misleading , balloon looks nothing like the picture....my son cried."
"What a rip-off. I purchased 3 boxes and followed the directions and only half of the balloons inflated. Within a few minutes, the inflated ones completely deflated. We didn't get to use a single balloon. I would give this zero stars, but it isn't an option."
If you want to know who works for Hatboro just look for reviews with more than one star. Not only is this difficult to put together it falls apart with the slightest pressure. A waste of money to buy and a bigger waste of time trying to put it together and work!
THESE PROPS DO -NOT- WORK FOR THE HUBSAN X4 107L!  THE X4 107L CANNOT BALANCE PROPERLY WITH THESE BLADES.  IT WILL WOBBLE UNCONTROLLABLY AND WORK YOUR MOTORS TILL THEY ARE RED HOT!  I switched back to the old beat up blades I was using before and the problem went away.  These blades are TRASH.  DO. NOT. BUY.
"The posting says 12 months and up but the box says 2 years. I returned it, as it was to be a first bday gift."
Received a baby rhinoceros instead... I feel cheated...
"Bought 2 of these to take on vacation with us (rented a house with a pool in Costa Rica) - opened it when we arrived at the house, blew them up and one had a hole - tried patching it up but didn't work.  also - the valve kept popping open on one of them.  Disappointing!"
Not as described. Dinosaur is only 3/4 the size described. buy elsewhere.
Got this for my 3 yr old's birthday and have tried three different types of batteries but none seem to propel the ball high enough to hit or catch. Which I could get my money back!
"Ugly, useless,DUMB don't get this doll"
Check your spelling you spelled his name totally wrong it's not freezer it's Frieza
Quit working right away
"Definitely not worth $20, maybe $.50 worth of stuff in each egg and that's being generous.  Save your money on this one"
this was broke when opened
This bear has a zipper in the back looks nothing like the size of the picture. a puny looking scrawny bear. just crap
Transmitter didn't function  but it looked kinda neat..
"Just tried setting this up for my kids. How disappointed they were with this garbage when it was all said and done.<br /><br />If you watch the video to set this up, they talk about building it inside of a 4'x4'space. I don't know about you, but I don't have any rooms in my house that match that space. We set it up in a corner of a room and then used a dresser as a third wall.<br /><br />Setup was extremely cumbersome and finicky. We didn't even have the 4'x4' space available and were forced to use much shorter distances. We followed the advice of the video and set the angle of decline to be about 20° (recommended between 15° and 30°). However with the combined short distances and recommended angle, the turtles never gain enough momentum to trigger the action and therefore the 2nd turtle never releases. Added to this we used this kit with another kit which apparently was designed to go the opposite direction (think clockwise vs counter clockwise) and not matter how we tried to arrange them, the zip lines on this toy constantly crossed. So even if you manually triggered the toy, the turtles collide in the crossing zip lines and go no where. This would be simple enough to fix provided you have the area to set this up, but unless you live in some strange home full of 4'x4' 3 sided areas, it's not going to be easy.<br /><br />We burned through all the provided command strips so despite that I probably have design in place that might work, we can't execute it until we purchase more command strips. If we do buy more and attempt again, the other problem is that with the area we have to work with, we are going to have to use more extreme angles and thus will force us to go higher. With only 2 kits involved each trigger the other, our starting point will most likely be near the ceiling of the room, out of reach where my children will be able to interact with the toys.<br /><br />It's not like these are pricey toys, so being out the money is not the point. It is the disappointment it brings the children that irks me. The uniqueness of this toy is one that really brought excitement and anticipation for them and after 2 hours of trying all we could say to them is, &#34;they don't work&#34;.<br /><br />Save your money, your patience and your kids hopes and avoid this terrible product.tment it brings the children that irks me. The uniqueness of this toy is one that really brought excitement and anticipation for them and after 2 hours of trying all we could say to them is, &#34;they don't work&#34;.<br /><br />Save your money, your patience and your kids hopes and avoid this terrible product."
"Just tried setting this up for my kids. How disappointed they were with this garbage when it was all said and done.<br /><br />If you watch the video to set this up, they talk about building it inside of a 4'x4'space. I don't know about you, but I don't have any rooms in my house that match that space. We set it up in a corner of a room and then used a dresser as a third wall.<br /><br />Setup was extremely cumbersome and finicky. We didn't even have the 4'x4' space available and were forced to use much shorter distances. We followed the advice of the video and set the angle of decline to be about 20° (recommended between 15° and 30°). However with the combined short distances and recommended angle, the turtles never gain enough momentum to trigger the action and therefore the 2nd turtle never releases. Added to this we used this kit with another kit which apparently was designed to go the opposite direction (think clockwise vs counter clockwise) and not matter how we tried to arrange them, the zip lines on this toy constantly crossed. So even if you manually triggered the toy, the turtles collide in the crossing zip lines and go no where. This would be simple enough to fix provided you have the area to set this up, but unless you live in some strange home full of 4'x4' 3 sided areas, it's not going to be easy.<br /><br />We burned through all the provided command strips so despite that I probably have design in place that might work, we can't execute it until we purchase more command strips. If we do buy more and attempt again, the other problem is that with the area we have to work with, we are going to have to use more extreme angles and thus will force us to go higher. With only 2 kits involved each trigger the other, our starting point will most likely be near the ceiling of the room, out of reach where my children will be able to interact with the toys.<br /><br />It's not like these are pricey toys, so being out the money is not the point. It is the disappointment it brings the children that irks me. The uniqueness of this toy is one that really brought excitement and anticipation for them and after 2 hours of trying all we could say to them is, &#34;they don't work&#34;.<br /><br />Save your money, your patience and your kids hopes and avoid this terrible product.tment it brings the children that irks me. The uniqueness of this toy is one that really brought excitement and anticipation for them and after 2 hours of trying all we could say to them is, &#34;they don't work&#34;.<br /><br />Save your money, your patience and your kids hopes and avoid this terrible product."
"Please don't waste your money on these temporary tattoos. We bought these as potty training incentives for my 2.5 year old twin girls who love Frozen. These tattoos don't even look nice immediately after you remove the paper backing from the decal. IF the decal manages to stick to my kid's skin, it stays for maybe 30 minutes and then begins to come off. The tattoos never even make it to bath time, so I guess if you're looking for a silver lining, there's no scrubbing necessary to remove these."
VERY overpriced.  average quality game - ridiculously large figures
The bank was a lot smaller than I've seen advertised and it worked for about 5 minutes and then it stopped working. I thought maybe the batteries had died so I put in new batteries and it still doesn't work. I am very disappointed with this product and I will not recommend it.
Very disappointed  in  this  game.  You must be over 60 to know a few of the answers and I bought this to play with my grandkids. I couldn't answer even one question on this game and I am 59.
Won't stay inflated--straight out of the box.
That's a sticker
"Desensitise your children to the dangers of heated BBQs, whilst teaching them the 'point' is to pile as much on top as possible, while waiting for it all to fall off! Great fun... what could possibly go wrong? 😒"
Ordered two banks and paid for two. Only received one!  The one I received didn't work right. The coin would not drop into the bag.
"DON'T BUY THIS. What I received was a LEGO box set dumped into a garbage truck: (1) with big scratches all around, (2) a 4cm-diameter hole, possibly with lost parts. (3) Three layer of seals, implying the LEGO box was opened/returned at least twice before me."
Waaaay smaller than I expected
"Material not huggable, very stiff, not easy to reverse the pig too!"
Small and cheap.
Couldn't figure out how to play with it.
"I had to return this item because the suction cups did not adhere to the tile in my bathroom, which is bumpy and rough.  I tested the cups on my window, and they stuck to that perfectly.  My advice:  Only order if you plan to hang the organizer on a smooth surface."
"This is a super pi&ntilde;ata for the delightful racist! As another reviewer pointed out, there is a nice strong cable from which to hang this effigy of our first black president -- live out your lynching fantasies at your next family picnic!<br />The seller calls this the obamacare pi&ntilde;ata - have fun pretending that why you're smashing this party favor to pieces! Who cares that the ACA logo is nowhere to be found?!<br />Murica!"
"You was damaged with marks on head and holes in cape. The right hand was very loose and weak when you try and turn it. Eventually, less the an hour my son played with it the hand came off. Very displeased with the toy, but did get the toy in the mail very promptly. Overall, my son was upset."
This product was horrible it came broken in the package and to pay the shipping to send it back its not worth it. Never will buy again
It scared my cat because it was so loud!
"This is a piece of waste - cheap plastic toy, not even worth for $1 from Dollar Tree, charged about $23.00, I was amazed how this vendor can charge  $23 for such poor quality, cheap material used in building this weak product! Looked like #23 doesn't have the value of $1 these days!<br />Please do not Buy this toy!!!"
This says small and it was extremely small.  One of the numbers (4) was broken off the train and the box it was mailed in was very flimsy and dented.
"Darling!  Just like MOMMY's!  But, it fell into four pieces after one month of play! I do not recommend!"
"Save your self some money and just keep bending your Aluminum ones back into shape. I have two Tornados and replaced both Front shock towers with the carbon fiber ones. On the first outing, one car did one innocuous flip on grass and the shock tower split in two. Maybe I was unlucky and got a bad one, I'll guess I'll see how the other one does, but I'll just be buying another Aluminum one from now on and keep bending it back in place"
very cheap plastic having bad smell. it's from China with strange shipping box.
"2 hours in advance of the birthday party we were going to use these water balloons for, I 'loaded' them with water and stored them in a cooler in the shade. Within an hour, they were less than half their original Size!  And progressively shrank to the size of ping-pong balls by the time of the water-balloon fight.  What a disappointment and so much expense.....there should be a warning about the time factor!  We won't be ordering these ever again."
They will send you a broken toy at first then bribed you to not give them a bad review in return they will send you another toy which will be broken as well. Then theyll turn around and charge your credit card for the broken toys after you write them a positive review.   Stay away from this scheme.
Very dissatisfied. Was delivered 3 days late.
NO INSTRUCTIONS
Toy size not for adults
He did not work. I returned him for a refund.
"Very difficult to inflate.  Leaked air over 24 hours.  Ripped easily, making it useless."
"Full disclosure: I have the Scene It movie edition, and I love it and play it often.<br /><br />Don't let the box fool you with its screenshots of &#34;24&#34; and &#34;Spin City&#34;: This game is for people who watched TV in the '60s and '70s. I've played two full-length games thus far, and I estimate there were maybe three questions total from the past 30 years during those two games (of roughly 35 to 40 questions total per game). The rest were all from 1950-1979. The movie version of Scene It does a good job of mixing up eras and genres, but the TV version seems to be almost exclusively pre-1980, which really misses the mark for those of us in the under-40 crowd.<br /><br />Also: The numbered die is laughably huge--and difficult to roll alongside the category die--for no discernable reason."
Item recieved but did not come with esc .....not happy as it is suppose to come with one
Broke within the first day of use!
Extremely disappointed that the product does NOT work!!  Tried changing the batteries and still no dice.
"The game is fine, but the quality of the game pieces is horrible. Nothing fits together properly and you can tell it is stamped out junk."
This is a fake card! Do not buy! I Collect and this is totally fake.
Too pricey for what you get
It is very cheaply made and it fell apart probably 15 times within the first hour some of the pieces are card board. Not at all happy with it
"This was a Christmas gift for my son, because you can't use it indoors and you cant use it in moisture he had to wait until all the snow melted to use it. The first dry day we got it charged up and started to follow the directions to get the propeller protector on it. It broke! The wires came out of the piece that holds the propeller and that was it. Too late to return it and a brand new toy was unusable. What a waste of money."
Terrible product..my 4 year old grandson cried when nothing worked...some characters lights didn't work one of the characters arm fell off ...I was so upset for him..I will never buy anything from Amazon a
These are too thick for any of the toys that I bought them to go into.
Too small to hold regular size puzzles
"These tattoos are absolutely terrible. They do not actually come off when applying to the skin. And IF they do, when they fully dry, it's got a white film on it. So you can't see the colors or the sparkle. What a waste of time and money."
I ordered the Thor Deluxe version that retails for almost $40.00...that is the set that is pictured and described in the heading.  What I received was the Thor &#34;Famous Covers&#34; set that retails for $19.95 and is nowhere near the same quality.
Doesn't even come close to look like John Sheridan. Very poorly made.
these are smaller k'nex that were not compatible with the larger ones and the motors were plastic junk!
Im not happy with the quality of this costume. My daughter was so excited when it arrived and put it on immediately.  Within 2 hours the pin on the cape broke and I had to glue it back together. The closure on the cape is difficult and should've been made easier for a child to get on and off. My 6 year old is slim and the dress is very wide and ill fitting.  We are planning to have it tailored as she has her heart set on wearing this costume.  She asked us to fix it and we agreed although we just wanted to return it.
This was a cute toy and my son had fun playing with it...for about 15 minutes before it broke.  Now it is just another piece of plastic to be recycled.
SOOOO small. Not worth the money AT ALL. I did not even give this as a gift. Still sitting in it's box.
Only last about 2 - 3 flights. I've had several blades get thrown mid flight. Never buying these again.
don't waste your time. krogers sells them that are more effective and better quality
"Poorly painted and packaged. Seller put tape on painted wood and then as I removed the unnecessary tape, the paint cane off!! Poor quality. Do not buy!!"
I bought this boat as a gift for my fiancé. We put in the batteries and the boat didn't work at all. This purchase was a let down and we returned it.<br />Our boat could have been a fluke though.
"Bought TWO and both are not working after less than 1 year! Works fine with batteries, which I discovered after I replaced leapsters."
"piece of garbage.  i bought this pool to replace a pool that was a few years old that had an air leak.  saw the reviews on amazon and for $30 i had low expectations.  well my low expectations were not even met.  after using the pool 3 times the bottom portion has some sort of air leak, so if i fill up the pool with air, fill it up with water, the next morning the pool has half the air and most of the water leaks out.  i would not recommend this product or company to anyone"
"These don't glow when you snap them.  If you're looking for a thin plastic tube with liquid in it that snaps when you bend it, this is the product for you.  If however you're wanting glow sticks, bracelets, etc. that produce light then this is not a good purchase.  Avoid this product!"
this is way too small for any fish. DO NOT GET THIS!
"It started off fine, right until the raft completely popped due to pressure from the river and being attached to multiple people.  Good thing I had a life vest on as I had to float down the river until someone else let me up on their raft."
░░░░░IT LOOKS LIKE....SOMETHING ELSE WHEN INFLATED░░░░░<br /><br />My kid got this as a gift from grandmom. It seemed like a good idea. She loves Star Wars and can certainly use a way to release energy.<br /><br />But upon inflating it I realized 2 problems. First off there is no weight in the bottom. You have to add sand of water to the bottom to make it stand up right. That's lame.<br /><br />Second.....it has a very strong resemblance to....something else. As soon as it was inflated I looked at it and said &#34;Yup. That's a...&#34; well you can see the picture yourself. My wife immediately said the same thing. Then of course everyone I texted the picture to (while laughing myself silly) all agreed it looks much more like an adult toy than a children's toy.
it is not real its crapy
Much more flimsy and cheaply made than expecting.
this is far from the HD video recording quality the other looks good. btw - the accumulator discharging in 3-5 minutes of normal flying mode (that is not in fast expert mode and with no camera enabled)
"Thomas & Friends Sir Topham Hatt's Musical Caboose came packaged perfectly, no damage to the box or plastic that covered the item. When I pushed the button for &#34;TRY ME&#34;, there was no music. The button pushed fine, just no music.  As a &#34;New&#34; item, I couldn't figure how the batteries could be dead but as I wanted my Grandboy to be happy I removed the caboose from its packaging and replaced the batteries. Still no music. BOO"
god it does not worth it
These balloons did not fill up very well and we're so dense they didn't break and hurt to have a water balloon fight with.
"Goodnight, the truth I am very dissatisfied with the product price as it is very expensive to go without the doll"
This broke while opening the packaging and basically everytime they are touched a sticker peels off or I am putting things back together with super glue. ABSOLUTE CRAP.
After 2 runs 3 of the 4 screws are lost. It doesn't worth it!
This item is much smaller than I thought it would be. I would never buy this for my kids who or 4 and 5. It is not worth the money
Instructions are horribly written and leave you without a clear way to determine how to win. Great idea just not executed well.
Sucked very flemsy
smelled awful and tasted awful
"We bought the balloons and were very excited to use them for a charity event. We hooked them up to a spigot and they started filling up. They did exactly what was advertised up until this point. They filled and dropped off the line- THEN they immediately deflated and lost all the water. They worked for about 2 seconds and that was it. We even tried to tie them quickly after they filled to preserve them, but it was a lost cause. Do not buy these, it is a waste of time and money. You will be disappointed. We tried it over and over again with 200+ balloons, so it was not a fluke."
"They are not at all the color of teeth, they are a dingy gray color."
Doesn't charge batteries fully
Was missing several pieces upon arrival.
Junk leg broke off first  day
"Very poor quality, scratched, coloring of ribbons looked used"
The Aero-M is a very expensive piece of fragile styrofoam. Very delicate. If you drop it on grass it will break to pieces. Do not recommend.
"Sadly, the car we received appears to be a dud.  It only worked for a couple of minutes and then stopped working even thought the light was still on. I replaced the batteries in the car and the control and tried switching the on/off switches back and forth, but it still didn't work consistently.  Only worked for a couple minutes at a time, and had to keep explaining to my 2-year-old that his new car was broken.  Unfortunately, i didn't get around to processing the return in time, so now it's not eligible for return/refund/exchange.  Would love a replacement if this is just a defect, but I'm not going to just buy another one after the first one turned out this way.  Womp, womp, womp."
I  will  never buy it again as the customer rep  was not friendly.
"Cheaply made!  The black mesh is just zip tied closed and slips off supper easy.  They were really cool for about the first 5 or 10 minutes, before the mesh fell off.  Then when it dose, your like OK I'll just play with the ball but there is this big plug that is just asking to be picked at.  Not exactly what a want a fidgety kid playing with at school."
I was expecting the sample letters and numbers to appear on each page.
Balloons didn't hold any water. At all. Ended up just filling each one up by hand. Will not order. Would not recommend.
"I should have known when nothing was said about product  container size, yep..It showed up in itsy bitsy ,tiny 4 oz. cans!!  Nice trick! You can get the same stuff in 11 oz. can at Wally M. for 8 bucks! Don,t Buy It!!!"
I had to super glue several of the feathers back on. One of the eyes had the clear plastic cover missing and the feet were too big for my son's shoulder so we just didn't use the prop.
"Yet again, received a Barbie item that is not at all what I thought I was getting. The outfit on this doll is a one piece outfit, that makes her look like a mushroom.The pictures are deceiving and never show the front of her for a reason. I am disappointed in the quality of items Barbie is selling and will think twice of buying anything again."
These suck absolutely sucked. ...deflated faster than the inflated horrible waste of money. Glad to see they're cheaper now..sick with the other brands walmarts version works great and they're cheaper. I had a super disappointed 4yr and 5yr
Absolutely terrible product! They filled just fine and not but 1 minute later they were ALL empty! Super disappointed and so we're all the families at the event i bought 6 boxes of these for.
While this figure did come in a legit looking box - I'm not 100% sure about it. The leg fell off literally right out of the box - this is only my 4th figure arts toy - but NONE have been anything like this one.<br /><br />The problem seems like a tough fix too - as the plug hole looks way bigger then the join hole.<br /><br />Wouldn't buy again - might exchange or return for refund. Had to give it 1 star.
Bought this ball at a toy store. After about a week it was deflated. When refilling it I noticed that it had a leak. There was a hole in the material and several deep cracks all around the leak. Basically the ball is falling apart. It seems like this is made out of some kind of vinyl not rubber like the playground balls that we remember. Disappointed.
Image is a lie. You do not get the promo version.
"Sadly what I received was not in new condition.<br />It was obvious to me from the first throw, but after further inspection I realized the pads were already worn, and the bearing was ready to be replaced for better play."
Horribly cheap product. Made of plastic and they don't work. Bought ten without a single success.
"Picked up this game since I'm a huge fan of hidden role games. Unfortunately, the structure of the debate is horrible. Once everyone has their roles and there's space and time to figure out other people's roles, there's literally no structure whatsoever and next to nothing to stop everyone from just lying. Thus the debate goes nowhere. My group had to give up after figuring out it's a game of baseless accusations. Would not recommend this to anyone over the age of 10."
Don't buy this item it is not of good quality. It gets one star because it is a great design and idea but quality bad. I received mine and the zipper broke.
For some bizarre reason I never got the 2 cards I am very angry great just great
These dog bones are worse then the stock dogbones<br />All four of them blew apart within ten minutes would not recommend
"This transformer is far too complicated for any child, even those very familiar with transformers. After many attempts to transform it, my 10 year old gave up after one of the arms broke. I, myself,tried many times and could not get it totally transformed into a car. A very frustrating and unsuccessful toy."
Honestly I don't know what happened I was just cruising on the grass nothing fancy and the pin fell out even though the rubber ring was in place so I just put it off found the pin and put it back together then it happened again and lost the pin my advice stick with the stock shafts the see rush the plastic one don't and I have never had a problem with them
I was very disappointed with this.  The games are hard to understand...the instructions aren't very clear.
Oh my god don't buy it all the minifigures are freakan rip offs 
It lasted about one day before it started to not work good anymore definitely not worth it in completely a waste of time
bad  the plastic came off at the first carwash and it was on a side window no brushes touched it  now i have just a paper unsightly mess
Poor quality material; much smaller than I expected.
IT doesn't work at all
No it was to small for kids at are in 3rd  and 4th grade some l have to buy bigger ones at Walmart  for school
"This parrot was defective. The head (when it actually moved, which wasn't often) stuck halfway through the rotation. I returned it."
They looked great when I got them but they only lasted 5 minutes with the kids.  I wish they made them more durable but I guess you get what you pay for.
You get what you pay for. Spend more on a better soaker
Too small for my first grader. Can't even hold a standard sized folder.  Not a school bag.
It is the same as the other pack just organized a different way 👎👎👎👎👎
"My first Metal Earth product.  I'd been wanting to try out on of their models for a while, this seemed like a a great way to try it out.  Disappointed, it's more like folding paper and twice as fragile.  Slot A into Tab B with extremely small parts.  This is not a good starting point for a beginner.  Just want to throw out a warning, maybe try an easier set and be familiar with Metal Earth before you pick up a four-pack.  Wish I had.  Oh and these guys are tiny."
"In my assorted lot, I got a thundurus card THAT WAS FAKE. There were spots on the pokeball, like there NEVER ARE on any Pokemon card, it bends easier than any other ex card I have and the back is bleached and looked lighter than a normal card, whereas all other ex cards are darker than the normal cards. And the second lot I bought, I got a PROMO ex, which isn't rare at all! This is a total rip off and you shouldn't buy it"
"I own a child care center and have purchased a lot of play equipment, this is the most poorly made product I have ever purchased. We were very disappointed! This toy didn't even last an hour with a couple of toddlers."
"about 90% of the balloons deflated after about 10 minutes of sitting in the pool. ok product if you are going to use quickly but when you are filling over 500 for a block fight, I would not waste the money on this product"
"Incorrect AC adapter, the one I was given is ONLY used in Europe and Asia, what good does that do? No wonder why item isn't sold anymore but they can't do anything for me? Why would anybody pack a foreign charger in a product packaged for a US store???????????"
They are terrible. Tastes like chemicals but it smells good. My 9 year old cousin and 8 year old niece both hated the taste but said they were fun to make.
Worst product!  Less than 10 were still &#34;full&#34; after 2 minutes and those didn't break unless you threw them against a brick wall.  Would give 0 stars if I could
"Same issue as many others here. Purchased for a teacher treasure box expecting the colorful bubble bottles, but received the white wedding bottles.  Returning tomorrow."
"We have had this toy in our daycare for over a year and it is pretty much ignored.  The kids like it at first but as other reviewers have said, the balls are really hard to get apart.  I have decided to review this item now because I just had to use a screw driver to get balls 5 and 6 apart and I wanted to see if I was the only one having an issue."
These are not well put together.
It fell apart the first time I tried to scramble it.
"I thought this pool float was adorable when we first purchased.  I saw Reese Witherspoon have one on Instagram, and had to have it.  That being said, within just a few days it started fading.  I'm not certain if it is the pool water or sun that did it.  A few months later this is absolutely NO pink, I mean it all looks yellow and beige and you can't even see the sprinkles.  I hate to harshly criticize a product, but it is really disappointing, it looks like junk now.  That being said, it is a big size and is perfect size for an adult."
"Would give it less than 1 star if I could. It was old. Battery cage was rusted. Battery had corroded inside. Wheels didn't roll. My toddler was SO excited to get this train. When the wheels didn't roll, he cried and cried. Needless to say, I sent it back the next day"
Had a hole in it.
We were only able to use it a few times and water got into it. It no longer works. It was fun while it lasted though. Bummer!
Not a good quality for the price that i paid
"I AM GOING TO HAVE TO RETURN THE CHAIR PLEASE SEND A PREPAID LABEL,TEARING IN TO SPOTS THE SEEMS WERE LOSE WHEN I GOT IT"
This ball popped the first time we used it! Don't buy this!
This came with no I stuctions.  Still can't figure out how to use and may return
Wasn't bunch o balloons it was just a cheap knock off. They were not very good at all.
the photos showed awesome stickers but the ones I got didn't even look like the ones in the photo they were so lame ther weren't any cool ones just a bunch and Japan people and anime characters and some mcdonalds stickers like no  I would not recommend this the only good thing was that they came in on time
Waste of money started falling off the sheet before I could even get them on my daughter
"I hate the frustration my son has got over this piece of worthless plastic!!! I have bought this as a gift for my son along with other stuff for other kids. And we opened it only today. (received it a bit earlier than today but this gift was supposed to go with me to Europe and I got here only last night so it was bought in advance and of course I didn't open any of the boxes because wanted the kids to have a new unopened gifts). My son was so excited to see this car in a box. And when we have opened this toy and have placed inside of it all required batteries it wouldn't start at all. Even for a weak light or noise, not saying about running. He isn't grown enough to accept such moments with adult understanding and to see his mother letting him down because for kids it is kinda a big deal. Especially when other kids got normal working toys. And without being guilty I did let him down thanks to you guys who sells unchecked broken toys. We input trust in all you say here when we decide to buy things online and you break our trust. Mine for sure. And I am certain that nobody even will care about my son's frustration, how he looks at me now and about lost money; none will take any actions to fix the situation because usually sellers never do after selling stuff and getting the money. This is the way it goes. Huge frustration and disappointment!!"
"They can really hurt someone...especially their eyes. My grandsons were playing and shot one at their Uncle...who wasn't playing.  The ball went right in his eye with such power, he couldn't see for 10 minutes.  Today.. his eye is all swollen up and bruised really bad.  He said it still hurts a lot also.  He's 34 years old...he took all 4 guns and broke them so it wouldn't happen to anyone else.  Wish I didn't buy them."
Cheap made. Not worth the money.
All I received was a squished bag of bowling pins and no ball. Was for my daughters birthday party. Thanks for the let down.
"Got faulty unit. Flew off on it's own on maiden flight. Had it perfectly calibrated, took it outside and within a couple seconds, lost all functionality. Stupid thing flew at least 1/4 mile into the forest!"
Horrible! They are not as pictured. They are really old and dirty. The bags are even nasty. Do not buy.
These get holes very easily. My daughter was very disappointed. We do not recommend.
👎🏻 not worth the money
"when I took it out of the box it worked one time, then the transmitter would not code pair no more!"
"Bought for my grandson, he loved it!! Favorite birthday girt!! It worked three times and stopped, contacted seller and amazon, no reply..Totally dissappointed"
I recieved this product and it was broken.
Very nice
Half of them were dead. Won't  reorder.
Broken and gross on arrival.
"Wig was too small so if your child has a large head, don't buy this one."
"Purchased because I liked that it was made in USA, however, one day I stuck one of the keys in my mouth and it had a horrible chemical taste to it. All three keys had the same taste. Needless to say, I threw all the keys away."
Cute but too top heavy and tips over when our 2 year old pulls it and ends up dragging it.  We took off the rubber on the wheels and pulls better but still tips over.
Thought i was receiving a DERPY  plush as shown and got a pink one instead. Not what my daughter wanted
Cheaply made.  Started leaking at the seams after about a months use.  Amazon would not refund due to it being over a month.  You are better off going cheap at Target or Wal-mart.  I bought several floats at Target ranging from $5 to $10 and they are still going strong.  Don't waste your money with Swimway's products.
This toy was very disappointing. Arrows would not adhere to target. No way to keep score.
Bad quality..
after motor gets hot truck is hard to start
"Tried to load it on three different computers all running Windows 10 and it would get to certain point and stop loading. Tried to return it for a refund but got such a run around I gave up trying  and accepted that I got beat out of $20.  I wish to edit my review of this game. After reading the back of the package, it said it was for Windows Vista. We installed it on a computer running Vista and it worked. The seller should have made that clear up front, all this confusion could have been avoided. I still lose because I don't have a Vista computer, so I will walk back about half of what I said before."
Cannot hook up to phones and they are on the list.
only received two
Purchased thru warehouse deals and received the imaginext megazord.  Frustrated.
I ordered the toy and it said it would come with a baby one. Turns out that the toy only came with the regular zice worm and I payed more than enough for this
"Very bad product, I returned it"
it was not the full version and didn't say so in the description...
Dont buy delivered broken not worth a dollor very flimsy
Most of the ants were dead by the time the package arrived.
"Figures are uneven, will not stand on flat surface. Don't order!"
Waited two weeks and followed the directs but none of the sea monkey eggs hatched.
"These are not clear, they are pearl."
"junk never worked--you explain that to a 3 and4 yr. old who fell in love as soon as they saw it.<br />same goes for all of your gun balsters.  I ordered many as you can see thinking I just got a defective one, but the all either didn't work at all or quit working after only a few minutes.  Shame on you for disapointing these small children who love bubbles and could hardly wait for me to get the packages open."
soo tiny
"broke within an hour of use. Kids loved it, while it lasted though."
Not a fan! Baby wants to sit up not lay down
The black cover was broke
Son took out of the house and it broke within 20min have had other light sabers that have lasted much longer!
Knock off not happy no refund
Parts are not durable. Chairs are broken in 2 months only.
These card sleeves are exactly 2.5 x 3.5 and do not fit sports trading cards.  Very disappointed that the dimensions in the description is not correct.
cheap
Item received did not look like pictures!
Perfectly fine
I have one of theses type that shoots up in the air around 50 feet.<br />these only stoot yp only about 20 feet.<br />im not very satisfy with these.
Arrived with no assembly instructions or even a photo of assembled product. Tool provided didn't fit screws that came with the product. Better be handy with tools and own an offset screwdriver if you buy one of these.
This was not at all what was pictured. Very disappointed
Ears pull out very easily.
"We got a knock off with a much shorter neck. What a disappointment, you can get the same knock off in the assortment one that comes with nine or ten for $10.00. Do NOT buy from this person."
Don't bother. It constantly jams and breaks darts - making my 10 year old son feel badly for spending his hard earned $. We returned it for a refund.
"half these brushes are stiff and the bristles can't be separated- they are like, glued together. Cheap junk."
"What a ripoff, all cards were Chinese very different from the originals, 50 training cards which my kids don't like, and the mega were the same, don't buy is a scam"
Not sure purpose of this balloon because it didn't expand well with helium nor did it float.
The shipment came very fast but the pens are not magic. The pens does not look how they look on the promo. Please don't waste your money like I did. My son is disappointed and so am I.
"Small, flimsy and cheaply made.  I'm may return it."
I would give a higher star rating but I haven't actually used it  however the size is nice.
I really did not like this product but the sellers of it are amazing about customer service.
Not impressed. These are not good for young children as the top with the bubble wand is a pop top. The kids were spilling all the bubbles before getting to use them.
"Dont waste your time with this garbage.<br />If you get it working,all you have to do it move for a second and it will take literally 10 hours of playing with it to get it to work again."
Flimsy item. Do not buy.
"This battery exploded and nearly burnt my house down. This item is a safety hazard and should be removed from use. I first noticed there was a problem after about the 5th charge. The battery began to balloon and expand within its case. After the battery would no longer fit into the quadcopter i stopped using it and had it sitting on top of a small minifridge in my garage. I went back to check on the battery and squeezed it because it seemed like it was under pressure. A small opening started spewing some pungent gas out and the battery began smoking. I immediately rushed to the hose to put out the fire. The battery continued to smoke and get worse after dousing it in water. I ran to the yard and tossed the battery on the ground as it was bursting into flames and smoking. It eventually burnt out and was safe to dispose of. Be very careful with this battery, cheaply made and dangerous."
"Product will not float with a 50lb child on it. It is useless. I paid too much to just throw it away!  When my seven year old nephew tries to float on it, it sinks!  There is no way it can hold an adult"
"Not only will it be better than this deck (which is borderline unusable and is at best very impractical in terms of a fluffal deck) but be at a better price as well. Tip: a fluffal deck that you buy every card for will run you 15 bucks. BUT if you already have spells and traps that you already want to use than this deck will at most run you 9 bucks. Fluffals are a great fun budget deck option but this deck recipe at this price is not the way to go,"
Nothing to write home about. It's just a eater wheel. Doesn't do anything else
"I'm not at all happy with the product I came because it's not that I buy on the page, it is another guitar I received"
2 of these broke on me.<br />Cheaply made. Don't waste your $$.
"Horrible product, the set I got didn't stand up straight, one was broken, the pictures just makes them look great. We couldn't even get them to stand up for 5 seconds with no breeze. We didn't even get to use this product once, we just deflated it and now it sits. Don't buy!"
Great looking ball out and my 10 month old loves it. Unfortunately we got it July 17th and it is already deflating. Looks like there is a small leak on one of the seems. Not worth the money if it's already deflating.
The picture shows a pair of classy white glowing ears. The one I got has annoying color LEDs flashing at a fast rate. The picture is deceptive.
Didn't work
Didn't work
"Don't waste your money. It never worked. I bought it for my husband for Christmas and the next summer at the lake we charged it but it never started. I've never had a remote control boat before but the instructions to turn it on were strange -- &#34;Turn on the switch, then touch your fingers to the two copper tube (or you can put the two tubes into water), the power of the boat is on&#34;. That was straight from the manual, letter for letter. How do I put the tubes in the water if they're inside the boat?? The inside of the plastic boat has loose wires and globs of glue. Couldn't even get my money back because it was past the 30 day policy."
"Please do not waste you money or time. I read the reviews and thought this was going to be a really good and professional boomerang. NO! It is not even shaped right. This NEVER even tried to return back. This is just like throwing a stick. If you have a dog that will go fetch it for you then be my guest and get it. Otherwise, if you are like me and don't like to waste hard earned money, then you better get one elsewhere."
All of the supplies pictured and described were not included.  Missing a battery and two LEDs.
I was very up set with the color quality. The puzzle pieces did not match the picture at all. This made doing the puzzle difficult and not fun. I have bought other Cobble Hill puzzles and have not had this issue.
Boyfriend and I went to send this up as a surprise for our son and its missing the oven door and the microwave door.
"As a former science teacher, I can say with 100% certainty that this product is NOT worth it. It is not as many experiments as you think, and the directions are lacking, unless you understand what is going on. We did 5/6 experiments with our niece and she wasn't impressed either. I know that sounds snobby, but save your $37 and buy something non name-brand."
Camera is not hd
"Green blaster delivered instead if Red, stupid blunder considering the item title actually says RED. My child doesn't seem to be as enthusiastic about playing with it becuase she specifically choose RED"
One of the strings was a little mess up when I got it delivered.
STOP selling bat specimens!!!! Bats are needlessly killed so they can be encased in plastic!!!! STOP BUYING bat specimens! Go find some live ones in your are and enjoy their beauty as they fly FREE!!!!!
THESE ARE DEFLATED BALLOONS. THEY ARRIVE IN AN ENVELOPE. DO NOT EXPECT A BALLOON BOQUET FOR A BIRTHDAY SUPRISE.
Falls apart by pretty much looking at it... Very disappointed ... My 5 year old had it for an hour and already lost a leg since doesn't stay together
This just wouldn't work.  The pen kept clogging up right away.  A real disappointment.
Used piece of junk
It cracked on the first day.
String broke within a half an hour and you can't replace it junk👎🏻
Not the shoes  ordered  cute though big
Lower manufacturing standard than green version. Broke with in 1 hrs of use.
Poor material--
Just buy original that comes with steve for $11
"Don't waste your money on this boat. If it was possible, I'd give it  0 stars. It is very cheaply made. The plastic is so thin you can almost see through it. It was dead out of the box. I made sure the battery was charged and I put it in the water like the manual said still nothing."
"I bought one for my girlfriend ,this is a gift for her birthday .But few days later ,you told me it is out of stock!what is that !"
"What a darling little family the Koala bears are.  My granddaughter thought so too. This was a birthday gift,she just turned four and knew about Koala Bears.  She immediately gave them all  names.."
Broke within minutes of my children playing with them.
Both of these brushes were so cheap.  I didn't use either and just threw them away.  They were useless.
Used one time and unit broke. The seal to battery compartment leaks and batteries rust.
Doesn't work
This did not work.  Straight from the package it was broken.
We could not even blow up the Olaf balloon.  It didnt have a hole to inflate the balloon. And all the other balloons were deflated by the next day.  Was helping the balloons would last more then one day.
"The puzzle is beautiful, but most of the pieces were fraid and worn. All the pieces were there, but there where patches where the cutting was poor. When trying to glue the completed puzzle, several of the pieces fronts came off. Puzzle ruined!!"
Missing pieces.
It broken while I get it.
Air leaked out
It is a darling toy that worked for a week before conking out.  Too bad.
"It doesn't fit to the shape of the phone, I can't even press my Home button"
"10 pull and it broke, very bad quality... Don't buy this"
Doesn't change
"This truck is no better than a Wal-Mart R/C toy that goes in the trash after it breaks. The fact that parts are available to repair this truck is essentially there to lead you to believe that it is hobby class vehicle. It's not!<br /><br />My son recently bought this truck. In three days of ownership we've had to go to Hobbytown each day for repair or supplies. One of those trips was on us for a mistake we made while running the truck.<br /><br />The supplied wall battery charger is only a 1/2 amp charger. It takes forever to charge the supplied battery. Such a joke. You're immediately forced to buy a $19.99 &#34;quick charger&#34; in order to enjoy running the truck multiple times in one day. We also chose to buy a second battery so my son could run the truck while the other battery charged. To the hobby store we went.<br /><br />Day two, the truck stops running. To the hobby store it goes. Apparently the truck had sucked in dirt and small pebbles through the motor and into the drive gears which eventually jammed the gears up so they wouldn't turn. Thus no response when calling for throttle. This after only about an hour and a half total run time. And 95% on pavement.<br /><br />Next problem, the solder attaching the negative wire to the motor breaks off. Out with the soldering iron for a presumably quick fix. WRONG! The issue is a deeper one as once I solder the wire back on to the motor its continuity is still broken. So now it appears the truck needs a new motor. This motor hasn't run more than 2 1/2 hours tops and it has already broken. Not burned up, but broken!<br /><br />This vehicle is poorly designed and of poor quality. I recommend avoiding Helion at all costs.<br /><br />Next step is to see if Hobbytown will stand behind this pathetic product. Stay tuned!"
"Just opened this today.  Many of the pieces were still put together.  When  I attempted to break them apart, the paper backing tore and some of the pieces were so stuck they wouldn't come apart.  I had a few more of this brand in my cart ready to purchase - good thing I opened this one!  Going back."
Didn't work
"I will use these, but will not order them again . . they looked &#34;cute&#34; on the screen, but not so much in person."
Daughter had it for five seconds and one of the wings/propellers broke at the hinge! No way to fix it and we gave it to her for her birthday! Piece of junk do not buy!
These were promising but:<br />1. They are hard to put together<br />2. Once you put them together they barely stay together<br />3. These are for kids or something. I am an adult with an average sized head and they did not fit me<br />4. They are uncomfortable<br /><br />All in all - a waste of money
"This is a terrible toy. Screw holes are too big for the screws provided, creating a safety concern. The shutters pop off frequently. The &#34;slide&#34; is merely a six inch high incline. The assembly took a long time, as you need to put each of the 20some stickers on, and screw in 10+ screws. This toy was a gift for my daughter's first birthday, and I wish the money had been spent on a more engaging (and less expensive!) toy."
Its missing one big piece. My son is not happy :-(
"I heard this was a great game so I ordered it to bring on a family vacation.  When we opened the box to play, only (2) of the (6) markers worked.  They are necessary to play the game correctly. .  I have never had a problem with an item i ordered through Amazon.  This is disappointing...I will probably return."
"My grandsons played with this tent for one evening before one of the &#34;poles&#34; snapped.  They are only ages 2 and 3, so it was not a &#34;rough house&#34; or weight issue.  I will not be purchasing another tent unless I can see how sturdy it is.  Five years ago I purchased a similar tent from Toys R Us, and it was much stronger......for the same price."
Did not work well.
It does not mention anywhere on the description but this is a Canadian version with most of the questions about Canada. It took a bit to realize but when we looked it says Canadian content on the box and the instructions are in English/French.
"Ordered as prizes for my daughter's carnival themed birthday. 2 mics were completely unsealed at the end and could not hold air. Also much more cheep looking than the item shown on website. Over all ok, not great."
"Only received half of the product , missing one bag of parts :("
If you are looking to stack silver you are really overpaying for this coin. Try JMBullion dot com for your silver purchases! Hope this helps others stack what is truely &#34;Real Wealth&#34;!
"Worked for all of 5 minutes and then ran out of charged.  Recharged battery, but now the synchronizing is not working."
The money isn't an issue for me--it's the lack of ethics for me. Glad to hear the original company will bring it back this Fall. I'll donate the extra $60 to a children's charity and wait to support another company. #greedneverwins
"Can't even assemble this because in the package I received only the probe cut out, not the motor mount tube, thrust ring, laung lug or die cut fins sheet. Looks like I'm building parts myself. Smh. Do not buy."
Weak and not strong enough to last.. Broke very fast
It was really cute and my son loved it but it didn't last a month.
Very dangerous toy.  Hit another in his eye who wasn't playing and really was bad.  Eye is swollen and bruised.  Broke all the guns.  I know accidents happen...but why would I allow this accident to happen twice?
Not good
Came with missing stickers and stickers were put On terribly dont get this
"Easy to setup, but did not work very well. The side and back parts of the slide do not squirt water on the slide. Moreover, you need a fairly high pressure water hose for the water to even spray out of the side."
"Bought two of these packaged individually for my son and daughter.  My son's (Zombie Shark) stopped working after about 1 hr.  Thought it was the batteries, but tried replacing with new.  Went back the next day to purchase another and ended up buying a four pack (to &#34;save&#34; money).  Big Mistake!  One of them did not work out of the box (Shark 2.0).  Then the Clownfish stopped working within 2 hrs.  Then my daughter's Seahorse stopped working after 1 day (checked the batteries, too).  So doing the math - we purchased a total of 6 of these and now after 24 hrs, only two of them work.  That works out to about a 33% chance what you buy will work more than one day and about only an 80% chance they will work out of the box.  Water gets into the back of the fish and then leaks into the battery compartment sometimes.  They are junk and potentially unsafe - unless you like the idea of your kid playing in water that is in contact with a corroding lithium battery with trace mercury.  Stores will not take them back (because they know they are junk) and the manufacturer will only exchange them (at your shipping & handling expense both ways.  Why would you pay to send and return shipping totaling $12 just for a product that is fatally designed and costs $5-10.  Cute idea; failed execution"
Very upset. Stuffing was coming out of it before I even had it out of the box. It was also deformed  looking. Very very disappointed.
"Read the reviews! Terribly made! I bought it thinking, huh maybe they just got a bad one...nope broke, bent, ripped, all in the first night. Too small to fit correctly on the edges and the plastic poles bend very very easily. My daughter loves the push light though haha"
A card that is 3 times bigger than a regular one !
"This product was not what i was expecting, these decals were intended for use on the window, and side of my truck. The decals i recieved are more likely to be used on go-carts, and or model cars."
Complete junk. Save your money.
"It worked very well I had dark hair it turned blonde in a matter of minutes, but what I didn't know is that it caused me a very serious akergic reaction that almost cost my life. The next morning of using this kit my lip was very swollen then the next day my eyes hardly opened. It may be because I have very sensitive skin or I had got it to close to my scalp, whatever it was it made me very ill today is Day 3 and I'm still sick. I had gone to the hospital the day before and all I gotten was a allergy pill and I've been taking them since. The medication is hardly working, this process is long and painful. Please take caution this is more serious then you realize"
"Didn't include mask as indicated. Not worth the hassle of returning, but disappointed."
Lame! It arrived broken.
Item not as discribed. I received cupcake collars instead of cupcake liners. The picks are all grad hats. None of the picks say congrats grad. Not even close to the same product. Very Disappointed.
"Horribly made. The metal balls are not in a straight line but off a few degrees but noticeable and it makes a difference. I'll be buying another of high quality. I don't know how long it's suppose to last because it does stop, but it's not long. Maybe, at best, a dozen times between the two sides. Typically less than that."
Very Disappointed.  Ball would not hold air. It was smaller than an actual size 3. Waste of money.
Didn't stop leaking
Did not show that these were not refillable. Very unhappy with this purchase
Broke after less than a month... had to spend more $$ to replace this case.  Will not buy this product again or recommend it
Goggles broke within minutes of wearing them....cute set though...
"Smaller than expected. Does not inflate evenly to sit level like in photo. One was completely missing the valve to inflate, another had a leak around the valve and did not hold air."
The toy doesn't match picture.Strings were broken.
This product did not work AT ALL. DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT.
I am very upset about the recent change in formula in the dyes. I've been using Manic Panic colors for 10 years now and have always been very happy until my last order. I dyed my hair with &#34;violet night&#34; which has been my new color for about 6 months now and it looks terrible!!!! I touched up my roots (like I've been doing for years now) and the color didn't stick half as well as it used to!!!!! I'm left with horrible grey washed looking roots. I wish I would have known about the change before I had to learn the hard way. Be warned.
My son bought this with his own money.  We charged it for the right amount of time but when he put it in the water the controller started beeping and the boat would not drive! Very disappointing!
Awful...one one in the box but you are led to believe there are two...lasted about 10 minutes..waste of money
Might want to check your picture!! Shows an adult item for the picture.
Strong durable but only 6min of fun on a 45min charge
"Fairly easy to get together, only one in the pack was broken. Perfect for after recital cupcakes!"
It's OK for the price
Leaked at the first inflation.
wrong size screws decided to keep because was cheaper than paying postage to return
Lasted one day.  Nets came off on first throw.  Very disappointed.
This is NOT an intex pool as advertised!!  It also was advertised to have a drain plug to let the water out.  It was delivered a day late & it was the wrong pool.  It was a cheep  brand with no drain plug.  Very disappointing!!  We did not even open the box.  it is going straight back to amazon!
"Giftable world listed this item wrong. Ordered River Song, got Doctor Who's Uncle figure. Whovians know who and what I'm talking about. After they realized their error, they refunded my money and let me keep Uncle. It came in a damaged box and the shipping container was a joke. Just folded over cardboard and lots of tape. Luckily I open and place my figures out for decorating. I'm sure its an error but I still see it listed for 15 dollars right now from them. Buyer's beware."
"My 6 year old opened them up and said &#34; boring !!&#34;. Super disappointed, considering the only other ones like these actually convert to some sort of vehicle"
Not a good quality 😔
2 were broken!!!
Didn't work
"Some parts didn't snap together and those that did didn't stay together.  Very flimsy, some pieces broke taking them out of the packaging. Extremely disappointing for the price."
"Purchased these for my daughter's birthday. I'm extremely disappointed. No variety of toys to be found here: the'yre all filled with plastic rings, and half of them are fake diamond dollar signs. I don't think my daughter is into bling yet - she's only 3. I'll be returning these."
Didn't work
Arrived broken and non usable...all other products within shipment worked fine.
"First off, I think the concept is pretty cool, the assembled unit has a wow effect. The execution not so much. My wife bought this for our 7year old son as a birthday present. Since I am writing in the I form, I do not need to mention that the 7yr old did not contribute a tremendous amount of work here. I dropped out after about one hour.<br /><br />My background is in electrical engineering, so I can definitely get things to work, when I put some thought into it. I eventually finished putting the beast together. A beast it is as most reviewers already mentioned, the instructions are incomplete, and some parts are missing. I managed to put some live into the beast. However here are a few of the problems I ran into:<br />1.) The assembly took about 5 hours, I basically did it twice, first following the instructions, and then a second time to make it work, I ignored the instructions. I finally had it put together and then I started adjusting and putting things in place. The it worked for a short amount of time.<br />2.) The moving parts rub and grind against each other causing a tremendous amount friction. Parts keep shifting and moving, so every adjustment lasts for only for a few minutes..<br />3.) That bug is heavy. It weight 2lbs, 12 oz. or roughly 1200grams.<br />4.) It uses 3 AA batteries which lasts only a few minutes.<br />5.) The remote control does its own thing, when I lift the beast up, the controls seem to work, but once I put it down, it did what it wanted. I eventually disconnected the distance sensors, that helped a little.<br /><br />In conclusion, the beast is pretty frustrating, I will see if we can build something different with it. the motor, the remote etc. have some value."
This &#34;Nerf&#34; gun is very poorly made and did not work right out of the box. I would not recommend anyone buy this gun.
Broke at first use
They didn't seal.  Big disappointment.  I loved their email to notify us they had been shipped and hoped the product was as good as a similar product I purchased at Walmart.  The kids opened 1 of the 4 packages I brought to a family party...walked away with the other 3 unopened...sad.  Sorry Captain...you need to do more work to make your product a success.
Came with broken zipper. I cannot open it to clean it.
TERRIBLE! It hurts no itching
falling apart very early  zippers and and shoulder straps both loose
They break easily..
There was no cross bar! Huge failure!
This truck did not last 2 days with my 2 year old. Same day- the side mirror broke and bumper cracked. 2nd day- ladder holder cracked and pull up light stopped working. He did not play rough he mainly opened and shut the doors and took it to bed with him. Also ladder is not attached and does not go up.
Does not work - took it out of package & it wouldn't work!  Waste of $
"Thought this was the coolest thing and it was if for just the 1 week it lasted. If it was cheaper, I would buy one every week but it's not so I won't."
"In theory I guess the idea is OK, but Seriously these just just frustrated my 2 yo."
"On about my third drive with my Slash 2wd running the Castle Creations Sidewinder 8th on a 2 cell lipo. I had jumped my slash and it had just barely landed on it bumber, this moter mount had ripped off the transmission case. Very disappointed in this product, I use lots of rpm parts on my Slash and they all hold up extremely well. But this bumber mount has not held up all to my expectations."
The glasses broke right out of the box.
"Too bad I never got the item - as soon as Seaworld was attacked by the &#34;Save the whales&#34; fanatics, Mattel caved and then the distributor did not ship it and the item's collectible price skyrocketed!"
could NOT get thing inflated..  had thrown away packaging so could not return.
Other Labels tell you which template to use. The instructions on that come with it say &#34;pick the right label template&#34;... as if you're supposed to know. Even if I had the template it wouldn't work because the paper is too glossy. The ink rubs off.<br /><br />Biggest waste of time and money.
junk!  parts fall off constantly
Lasted one weekend with light use. Wouldn't recommend.
"This is a really cheap puzzle. The pieces hardly fit into one another. Kid can't push hard enough. After making it a few times, the board is bent!"
"My son received this as a gift, and we were only successful with the robot. The others are made very cheap, holes don't align, there was no glue in the kit. The directions are easy to follow, but halfway through, you realize it would be much easier to do it a different way, in a different order. To me, it was a waste of money. Luckily, the only one my son wanted was the robot."
The microphone stopped working after two days- no sound would come from it :(
This item popped the first time we used it.
Package was open. The fluffy baby was not fluffy.  Looked to be swapped with a counterfeit.  Daughter was very disappointed
I only received ONE (1) balloon and the picture and description said I should be receiving 11 total. The ONE (1) lady bug balloon was blown up before I realized I had not received all the items I had purchased. Very frustrated because the description and picture are very misleading. I feel like I got swindled on this purchase!!!!
"Did not work! 1 bubble at a time, are you kidding me , people buy this kind of machines for PARTIES !"
"Faulty balloons and the ones that didn't leak, emptied within seconds"
"Cheaply made for the price! When I opened the box, their was a Walmart sticker on the item showing a clearance price of $9!!!!!!!"
This is the worst toy I've ever purchased. I bought it for my 14 month old for our upcoming road trip to give her an 'iPad' just like her sister. This is a cheap piece of plastic that has bad paper graphics and is so loud that there is no way we could stand it in the same car. It doesn't turn off or have a volume control and only the outer edge lights up when you push the 'home' button. If it had been on clearance for $2 I would appreciate it's entertainment but definitely not worth anywhere close to $15.
"So disappointed in this.  The description says, &#34;Make-your-own wallet activity kit for kids with (3) styles.&#34;  I read that as meaning the kit makes three monsters.  Unfortunately, it does not.  It contains one, presumably randomly chosen, as there do not see to be options listed.  The one I got is cute, but I would not have bought it if I had thought it was only one, especially for almost $10.  I hope this review helps others who might misunderstand the description.  I would suggest to ALEX to re-word it to say something like, &#34;will contain one of three great styles&#34; or, &#34;collect all three&#34; or something."
stroller is very poor quality and too lightweight ! My 2 year old grand daughter almost flips  over it when pushing! Waste of money!
"The figurine I received looked nothing like the photo!  It was half the size (only 1&#34;x 1&#34;, as opposed to the stated 2&#34;x 2&#34;) and the coloring was different (the wings were not gold-tipped and white, but rather solid creamy yellow).  I was very disappointed, but since it was a gift for friends who's pet passed away, I was forced to use it."
Kid wasn't in the box.
This item broke ON THE FIRST USE!!!! It is worthless. Do not buy!!!!
Rx didn't work right out of the box the TX worked fine.
Arrived broken. Very disappointed
"Garbage. They filled up not even halfway, then fell off the straws and sprayed out all of the water. I'm also disappointed that Amazon won't allow me to upload my video so I can only show a still which hopefully shows them clearly sputtering in the pool helplessly."
Cheap-looking chess set. Not worth the money.
Looked like fun... Bottom part blew completely apart after a couple of trips down. Then the top deflated. Disappointed.
"Products themselves are of good quality,  only marked this low because the price was high or all that i got. Was looking for a small, plastic, functioning slinky dog, smaller than the slinky dog jr. This slinky dog does not function as a slinky, it is one solid piece of plastic"
Too expensive. Low down the price!!!😞😞😱😱😱😶
"The sculpt is great, but like many reviews of the figure, it's quality and construction is just disappointing . The first day, the left bicep swivel broke off ( trying to loosen up the joint). I was able to glue it back on, but then three days later,  her waist came off. Glued that on as well.  A week later, her left leg came off while trying to get her to a action pose. Won't be able to just glue that back on.......too bad I did not read the reviews before I bought the figure. It's a shame, cuz like I said before, the sculpt is great....."
For those of you saying this is safe is not true! The plastic on the end hit my kids head And he had to get 3 stitches.
Did not fit on bike No way to attach it  Was disappointed
Disappointing in the quality and construction of this product.
Failed out of the box
Doesn't fit well. Very loose.
Disappointed with them. Would not stay upright and took on water. Shipping and purchase price  was very reasonable. Gave me no hassle on getting a refund.
"If you are buying this for a little kids, like a 1 year old. It's really small."
"Worked for about a week, and quit, no way contacting anyone for a return or a new one. Simply terrible!!!!, as my baby girl loved it, & than looks up at my wife & I puzzled as to why her new favorite does not work. DO NOT BUY this period"
"HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED !!!!!!!!<br />The lens were all over the package, the frames were EXTREMELY flimsy and just a general DISASTER.<br />We threw them in the garbage after looking at this CRAP, didn't even open the package !"
too realistic. not appropriate body part details for a little kid
"Got 2 sets, even though it says 5, and they're flimsy enough to flex (and oscillate) under 50% throttle, causing noise and power loss. Wtf? How are they an &#34;upgrade&#34; and where are the other 3 sets?"
"ZERO STARS. The directions on this 'kit' are ridiculous. After decoding the directions, and following them to a t- all we ended up with are wet rocks and a whole lot of nothing. This is so disappointing."
I did not realize that this was used.
This toy is possessed! It yells out colors when no one is pressing any of the buttons or anywhere near it! Creepy. ..
"I was excited about purchasing this for my 3 year old. It arrived in a box that looked like it was shipped from China. After assembling the tricycle the smell from the tire was quiet nauseating and took a few days to disappear. The first ride, was smooth but subsequent rides where a nightmare. The squeaky noise increases as the wheels move. Despite attempts to re-assemble the tricycle, the squeaky noise still persists.<br /><br />I am absolutely disappointed with this purchase. If you had a choice pick another tricycle."
Poorly made
Only half the yellow ones filled.  About 80% of the red and blue filled.  They did not break when thrown directly at a person and they hurt when they made impact.  We ended up throwing them at the ground and splashing each other.  I will not buy them again or recommend this product to anyone.
"Did not work.  Balloons deflated almost immediaty,"
54.00 for 4 pieces of plastic when you can get 16 of them for 32.00 at image anime
I didn't receive the Marshall fire truck.  When I opened the packaged it was the paw patrol bulldozer.  I couldn't return because my 3 year old son was standing waiting to play with the toy.
A piece of garbage
"Unfortunately, I had to return this item. The first time it was used the print on the back of the chair came off on my grandsons arms. Refund received with no issues."
"Ugg, I wanted to like this blaster.  I forgave it for seeming cheap-o right out of the box because it had the right ideas, it had a cool quirkiness to it that was worthy of praise until the third shot.  That is where everything went awry.  The slim dart pegs by itself seemed abrasive to the darts, but it was the string that split the darts from the back.  Once split, the darts it came with were pretty much useless, even with the slightest tear.  Nerf should have either used some kind of dart-launch protector or used a thicker elastic band so the string doesn't apply it's full force on a tiny fraction of the back of the dart, which is what I believe causes most of the tearing and jamming of the darts.  Amazon gave me the refund, but I still had to repackage and re ship it back to avoid them from charging me again.  In retro-spect, maybe I just had a lemon, but the bottom line is that Nerf should test their products better before shipping it off (this is the 2nd Amazon Nerf refund/resend in a row, an Elite Retaliator needed to be replaced because it froze halfway through priming).  I didn't even get a chance to test the velocity ratings on my chronograph, but on average it should have been in the 60 feet per second range; I just don't know for sure.  An exclusive flintlock-styled 6-shooter I also got from Target using the same technology (Rebelle Charmed &#34;Fair Fortune&#34; crossbow) had the same issues, so now it is looking like the &#34;Stringers&#34; are having serious setbacks by virtue of Elite darts not being designed to be launched by rubber-bands."
The box was not in good condition and it was not worth what I paid
Sucks
They lay flat on the pool bottom. Wuh waaaaaaah
These are incredibly cheap quality. All but one broke during the first round of the race. Not worth the money spent on them.
Worse item i have ever purchased from Amazon....Does not work
Too small
"This chair was horrible ... one of the floats was dented, the chair reclines way too far in the water.  It wasn't hard to put together but one time in the water was enough to convince us it was useless.  We returned it the next day and ordered and inflatable instead."
Awful. Peddles come right off every time my daughter tries to ride. We're so disappointed
"This turtle was so S-L-O-W that it barely moved in the pool.  The batteries are a real pain to change out and no matter how tight we make the screws, the batteries get wet and corrode.  We aren't wasting any more batteries on this turtle."
"this tube really sucks!! It doesn't even deserve one star..the first tubing trip we went on as soon as we went down it started to deflate!! Good thing my dad brought an extra he bought from academy..I should have got mine from there..they were only $12.99 and you can tell that they were made with a sturdy material, not like these mine had cheap plastic and popped imediently..and it didn't come with the connecting piece to connect to the other tubes. Really disappointing!! Don't buy this!! Just go to a sports and outdoors store they are better. I used my dad's from academy sports and outdoors and it lasted the whole 3 day river trip going down rapids and all!"
"Does not print real money like everyone says it does. If you think this thing prints real money, you've been lied to and otherwise think again. We all woulda been rich by now."
I think it would have made more sense if we had TWO goals. I kept seeing on the review that it said &#34;goals and it had four bags to use to weight the one goal down?  The ball kept deflating as well like the other products we got from this company. Not a happy customer but I guess you get that you pay for.
junk.  worked great for about 1/2 bottle of bubbles.
The one received was torn on one of the walls. I returned it.
"No different than regular bubbles, absolutely not worth the money"
I thought this was a real lunch box. But it was more like &#34;you can carry your lunch money in it only&#34; lunch box. Very cute but too small for a lunch.
My pre order now says super Mutant 😕 really disappointing considering I pre ordered the brotherhood of steel before it sold out. Also the vault boy I ordered arrived as a ghoul 😕 super disappointing.
"It's a good idea for a kids show, but I can't get it to NOT ring! The whole joke is that it will ring for me, but NOT my kid-assistant. This works if they are only 3 or 4 years old, but if the child is older or if they really try hard, then the bell still rings! I've tried so hard to figure out how to make this work, but I just can't come up with anything. Are they all like this? Does anyone have any suggestions?"
I purchased two of these.  One arrived broken and the other worked but couldn't get off the ground.
This is incredibly ridiculously small and nothing that I expected I was paying for.  Sorry just being honest.
"This is a very, very cheaply made toy. The top doesn't stay attached, even when the child is being gentle with it.  It is very small and even if it were built sturdier, a child would lose interest in it quickly. I would not recommend this at all. We've had it put together for a grand total of ten minutes and we're already trying to figure out how to get rid of it without offending the gift giver.  Edit: Ten minutes later and the pretend temperature knob won't stay on. Seriously. This thing is junk."
I've been a heavy Amazon shopper for more than 10 years and never felt compelled to write a review until now.  This toy is a complete piece of garbage. It falls apart so easily that it is impossible to play with.  Don't waste your money.
The ball leaked immediately and the basket tips over all the time.  It's unusable.
Didn't really work at all.  Black nozzle shaft pulls out of the entire pump with minimal force.  Useless. Do not buy.
I have 3 of these they are not ''highly collectible at the slightest get ur facts straight&#34;
"I bought this pool from a store by our house.  We were SO excited to set it up for our child...until we noticed a cap that was missing.  The box looked to be factory sealed, so we looked to see if the cap was in the box or on the floor. Nope. :(  The directions were not helpful in determining if this valve was supposed to be left open. I'm returning this pool today--without even getting to use it.  Hope that other people have better success with this item!"
"My son got this as a gift and not only did the robot arm fall off, but it never moved."
"Buyer Beware, underhanded shenanagins are going on here! This is NOT the rarer item it claims to be. How can this have a Horror Block Exclusive Sticker when the Horror Block version was a varient of this character in different clothing (white shirt I believe, with blood spatter all over his mouth and clothing...)  Also, why no photo of the special Horror Block sticker on top?  Probably because it isn't there.  The exact figure pictured here came in my Nerd Block, so it should just have a Nerd Block sticker on top, which is also not shown in the photos. I wonder why this special sticker that is supposed to be the whole reason it's SO overpriced, is not even shown in a pic?!  Bait and Switch, people, do your research first...  If you can see the photo I attached, the Nerd Block Version is on the left, and the rarer bloody Horror Block Version is on the right.  Sorry, but true."
"If I could leave a -1, I would.  this is NOT anything like the GI Joe as some have said in their reviews.  The hands fall off (yes this comes with more than one hand - to fit the different guns, and they don't stay on well)  On top of that, the doll is skinny, not like a big army guy, and the material is cheap and not sturdy like real GI Joe.  Wish Hasbro would bring back the 12 inch action figures for the boys!  If my grandson had not torn apart the box, I would be returning this for my money back."
"if that is jumbo i,d hate to see same  and doug lied to her about jumbo never buy again lies lies"
"Do not waste your money, the downloadable questions are no longer available. The only way to show your dissatisfaction is to no longer buy Hasbro games."
These are very cheap -- fall apart and have sharp edges when they do.
"Disappointing. Good ideA but cheaply made. One worked, one would only go forward, no turning. Kids were disappointed."
"The order arrived almost a month late. Experienced only a few minutes the Wallnut, overheated and very quickly. Turned it off, let it cool and never got the call. A real disappointment. I do not advise buying this unit. A shame!"
I haven't gotten round to shipping mine back
Cheap item. Do not buy.
"These are definitely not Estes blades.  They're just sized differently enough that they are incompatible with Estes blades on the copter, sit too low and hit the body and plus, I got two white A blades in the same package.  The other package had the correct mix but something isn't right because it won't fly."
I bought one as a gift before that emitted a blood curdling scream. This one is much smaller than advertised and sounds like a chew toy.
Returned it because the toy is completely unstable even when adults put it together
"very disappointed in quality of product, three batteries never charges right"
VERY DECEIVING!!!!! Sure the confetti is pretty but 8000pcs sounds like a lot of confetti.  Trust me it is minuscule!  Total rip-off.  Don't buy it.
"We bought this for our son yesterday. After less than a day of use, the gears are already stripped and the car is unusable."
Plus the item came in with broken accessories.
Only one worked.
I bought these for a kids party and none of the tattoos would apply. Several people tried using these tattoos and it didn't work for them either. They're cute but don't work. A waste of money and a disappointment for a group of small kids 3-6 years that wanted the tattoos.
"The time tracker function works fine. The issue is that tracker won't turn off when I no longer need to use it. It just sucks up 2 AA batteries over the course of a week, and then requires replacement of the batteries. Even with rechargeable batteries, this is a nuisance (the battery panel must be removed by phillips screwdriver)."
"Cheap product, wires for the camera were disconnected from the circuit board. Useless camera now!"
So bad! Blocks are all NOT the same size - just get the normal version
Made the mistake and ordered the micros instead of the regular size.
"Not thrilled. Within minutes of putting on everything, the seams ripped off the knee pads and elbow pads. She didn't even fall. They just ripped open."
"It didn't say it was a commander pro box. When I got it, it was huge and looked awkward holding magic cards"
The rope hoops didn't hold up very well. Not totally pleased with this item.
Awful!!! There were broken at the bottom! Very disappointed!!!
"Some parts didn't snap together and those that did didn't stay together.  Very flimsy, some pieces broke taking them out of the packaging.  Extremely disappointing for the price."
"the sofa is ok, although the sides are flimsy and have no support for the child. I had to return it. It says it has a removable cover in order to wash or clean it. There is a a zipper that goes round the bottom on three sides. There is no way that it opens. So I thought perhaps it was a defective item an ordered a replacement. Well it cam and the zipper is the same. So it will have to be returned at some point too. Very disppointed."
I received this item today. The overall build is not good and the product I received appears to be a very old one.. There are visible sign of wear and tear and the product doesn't look clean. Although I can live with that but there is one thing which I wanted to share with everyone. The product is incomplete.<br /><br />The screws and nuts that I receive is incomplete. There is a spacer and screw and nuts to assemble the landing gears to join the two landing gear piece together which is missing  I checked the image of product here and I can see that these spacer are there in the last image (the image of and screws ). I am very disappointed since its difficult to find the exact spacer locally in stores
This is the worst model ever sssssoooooo small
Broke immediately. Too noisy
"I bought this because it looked like it would be a good pistol, it's not. It's cheaply made and it shoots inaccurately. You need two hands to shoot it because you have to pull back the hammer with one hand and shoot with the other. Spend 5 dollars more and get the Nerf Zombie Strike Hammershot Blaster instead. It shoots the same darts faster and more accurately than this pistol and it only takes one hand to fire so you can duel wield it! Take it from a guy who's a pro in cubicle warfare, this is not the gun you are looking for."
It deflated within an hour
"It sure was fun to play when it arrived. Well, the fun did not last long. After about two weeks the vehicle stopped going straight. Turns out that the motor controlling the left wheels went bad."
So cheap. So awful. After fifteen minutes the car will not stay on the track. I can hardly believe this company is in business. My son is so bummed.
Didn't work
Came half dried out and totally bummed. Still don't have a set of ink pads that work properly. What a PAIN
The truck is quite small and the tires come off the rims very easily. Probably ok for an adult not a good option for a child.
"I ordered this product because I asked for bulk bubbles and the pic even showed bulk bubbles but I swear it said I was getting a 5 cases of bubbles which is what I needed, not 5 small bottles of bubbles which is what I got. I should have known because it was such a great deal but Amazon is known for great deals, if I had known these were being sold 1 bottle at a time not 1 case at a time I would not have bought them. Instead of a great deal I got totally screwed and now I still have to go into town and get more bubbles for the party anyway. Make it more clear or don't sell them individually. Below is a true pic of what you get, I ordered 5 cases and only received 5 individual bottles."
"This is by far the worst rc motorcycle iv'e ever owned. Don't buy it. Not worth $20. Didn't respond to the controller the 2nd day of use. Would recommend the &#34;Top Race 4 Channel RC Remote Control Motorcycle Goes on 2 Wheels with Built in Gyroscope, 1:10 Scale&#34;"
Read the fine print carefully.  This arrived in a small box because the frame was not included.  Now I have to go frame this.  Look for one's with the frame included.  It will save you time and more money.
"Was not the game we remembered as kids. Too many changes and they didn't even include enough parts to play properly. Would have returned it, but since we opened it, they wouldn't take it back."
"Directions are worded odd. If you follow them, you end up with an unusable blob of stuff and mad children."
"Worked for about a month.  Then one of them stopped working.  My husband tried fixing it, but no luck."
"Very cheap looking.  Will not buy again, ever."
Was disappointed by the size and quality of this item I last purchase.....
"The doll was exactly the one I wanted, but the hair on the back was faded pink because it was in the package too long."
The ball was defective. Ball kept deflating no matter how man times we blew it us. Wish I knew that was gonna happened.  I would have returned it but oh well.
very strong awefull chemical smell!!! couldn't get rid of it even after washing and air drying. All of it went to the trash. Would not recommend it.
Junk. Cheaply constructed. All plastic.
Leaked immediately from the brass fitting. Worthless.
My parents bought this at Walmart and it was only able to entertain my 2 1/2yo son for 2 minutes.  It doesn't wiggle and most of the sprayers pointed into the grass.  We ended up just bringing out the sprinkler.  Complete waste of money.
The product is very light plastic and will not last in my classroom very long. Stick with Melissa and Doug.
Doesn't look anything like the picture shows and after playing with it once it broke...
"Don't waste your money (especially at this price!), this ball does NOT glow like depicted in the picture."
Got one and ir was the WORST quality i've ever seen. I wouldn't recommend buying from Funko again..
This was very disappointing as the entire set is primarily dollhouse scale and far too small to look accurate with the traditional size models.
"Disappointed,  cheap quality."
wanted to get a safer alternative to the metal pins for a 2 year old.but the quality was so poor it didn't even survive the shipping journey!
Doesn't have the original piece that clips the battery to the charger and the Big Jake vehiclr
They don't self seal. Once they fall off the fill thing the water squirts right out and many of them had holes. Waste of money.
"I just received my order. When I took them out to wash them ( before letting my four year old twin grand children play with them,) I realized that the red bowl was not included. And the dishes have a bad odor. So now, I am not sure how to proceed."
"This toy is very poorly designed. The directions provided leave out important details, and the number of steps the child has to take to load it is ridiculous. the trigger mechanism and crossbow fall apart after each action.I purchased it for my granddaughter who became frustrated after 5 loads.<br />Don't waste your money!"
"So cheap, the back of the couch won't even stay up. Don't waste your money"
cheap...
Mine didn't come in mosaic rare. :/<br />I'm bummed yo
"Bounces on water ? ? ? Really ?  What a rip off , this bonces on water like any other ball , hits one time and floats ?  I don't get whats so special about it besides the outrageous price !  You can buy any 99 cent ball at wally world and it will do the same ."
i have seen the original figure the box says no recast allowed. This product is a port painted resin recast!
"Not what we expected .. The pictures depict there would be several minifigures and there was only one .. And the price was outrageous when the same pack at toys r us are 3.00, so my son and I was greatly disappointed to see this big box that felt empty . The pics are very misleading along. With me not wanting to order from off line due to circumstances as such , but my 8 year old would not let up and now he see why I don't like to order anything off line"
"Very disappointed in this product. The ballons, once filled, were small. And they quickly lost all their water. We couldn't use them."
"Received product broken. Replaced batteries, dolls &#34; do not sing&#34;"
"Don't waste money on this for a non-swimmer, it doesn't offer enough bouncy to keep them safely and comfortably afloat, buy the actual PFD verson. I had read reviews that said likewise, but didn't heed the warning, ended up puchasing a puddlejumper with much more success and happiness from my child"
The instructions are microscopic. It falls apart every 10 seconds. The arms and legs aren't articulated or posable. Whoever designed this pile of cheap plasticized excrement obviously does not have children.<br /><br />Only buy this if you are prepared to lose hours of your life putting it back together while your child cries in despair.  Just glue it together in battle mode and be done with it.
I was mislead on quality of product I was expecting an actual hard plastic case not a fold open paper thin plastic container
They do not sit upright in water. :/
Bought two.  Each broke before two weeks old.
"If you want to make your kids cry this is the toy for you. It will pop within 20 minutes of playing with it.  When it pops and your kids are crying remember I told you not to buy this absolute waste of time and money,"
Broke immediately
Terribly crafted.  Valves pop open/don't stay closed.  Straps very uncomfortable.  Would have returned if I had saved the box!
too cheap
Will not go down the stairs. My 2 boys asked me what it's supposed to do. I guess I'll have to get the classic metal one to show them. It was broken in pieces within a day.
This is not the original black and red connect four :(
Don't waste your money! Bought this item for a tubing trip. Didn't last even an hour until it got a hole and completely blew and filled with water. Patches were worthless and didn't even stay on. Also bought the single person tubes from the same company and they were amazing. I do not recommend the two seater. If it pops that's 2 people thay no longer have a tube to float in. Go with the single person.
Extremely poor quality.
Poorly made
We received this as a gift for my 3 yr old. It was amazing once we charged batteries for it and got it doing its thing. Less than 10 minutes later it his a baseboard and a wheel popped off.<br />Before it broke it was awesome fun for all of the kids to watch and dance to the music it plays.
I had no idea it was just flat! So disappointed!
The whole tree would fall down when you try to hang the monkeys on it. This went in the trash after amazon wouldn't take it back.
"Ship is too weak to truly use, no really useful cars. Only get to complete your faction set."
I purchased this less than 2 weeks ago and it is already crap. Bent with minimal use and only a few toys inside. Mom of five gives this a thumbs down!
Didn't work
It sucks
"They are really cute, but out of 12 i think half stayed inflated, i'm very disappointed! :("
Lenses cracked. One size = doll sized. First bad buy I've had off of Amazon in years.
Poor quality for its price
Broke 2 hours after taken out of package.
My daughter was very disappointed.Warm water can't be changed the color back.
"his face is ridiculous... I can't believe so many people actually like it...... If he actually looked like Goku (obviously with the bigger SS3 neanderthal-like facial features) this would look great but he reminds me more of Joker or something w/o makeup..... I had to go look up video reviews cause the pic on here sucks so much and when I saw his face I burst out laughing it's that bad.... What's wrong with all of you? Am I the only DBZ fan who actually knows what Goku looks like? Maybe it's cause I just watched the entire series again this past week idk.... I'll be getting &#34;Dragon Ball Z Master Stars Piece the Son Gokou Action Figure, Japan Import &#34; instead.."
Nice price gouging.... funny how it's half the price here...http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00M55BLF6/ref=mp_s_a_1_43?qid=1439009227&sr=8-43&pi=AC_SY200_QL40&keywords=goku+statue&dpPl=1&dpID=414rIEbyCoL&ref=plSrch#
"The air nozzle was misaligned with the fabric hole. It was impossible to move it to re-align it. I had to cut the fabric in order to access the nozzle. Terrible quality control. With so many competing options, why buy this?"
"This was a birthday gift for a 9 year old boy.  He was excited to receive it.  The next day I asked if he had built it.  He said one of the first pieces broke, so the ship could not be built.  Basically I wasted my money on this gift.  Very disappointed!!"
"Essentially a package of nuts and bolts arrived in an unmarked box. One would expect the product to arrive in the manufacturer's packaging, but no. Upon assembly I discovered that two pieces were missing. A very unprofessional move."
"watched the video that is in the pictures of this item and it clearly showed a girl pulling a string to release the mentos into the coke bottle. The one I received has no string and looks a LOT shorter than the one used in the video as well. Mine has a small trap that I have to pull out and then get out of the way. I tried tying a string to the trap but if I pulled too hard the coke bottle fell over...<br />This is a great experiment, just know the item used in the video and the one you receive are two DIFFERENT items."
I wouldn't even give it one star it broke as soon as I was about to use it.  The dual turned too much and would not turn anymore.
My daughter was definitely not interested?
Did not like this at all!! When we were filling the balloons up almost all of them popped off about 5 were usable and the size of a golf ball!! Very disappointing for my 5 year old son!!
Didn't even get a Joffrey I received an area stark
Poorly made
bootleg<br />look at the paint job for heavens sake
It's cute but my son never really got into it
In the picture looked bigger than what really were.
"Horrible quality from the Rise Up brand. Rubber bands are not tight enough so balloons don't hold the water. Kids were very excited when they arrived but out of 111 balloons, less than 10 held enough water to be usable. We bought 2 packages but didn't even bother opening the 2nd package and will be requesting a refund.<br /><br />There is another brand we saw that worked much better, don't remember the name - Out of 35 balloons, only a couple did not fill which is much more acceptable."
These dolls are too big to be Barbie babies. That is what we purchased them for and had to return them.
Fell apart before I got it out of the box!
Returning this product. Tried it in every room of the house and the app wouldnt work properly.  Really disappointed
i bought it on my baby's birthday ..don't wanna gave even one star ..it looks cool on photo but in reality don't have power ..don't have speed ..hardly runs..and when I asked to return they said we can't take it back..make sure read return policy ...
no can get wrong # on it
I ordered the polyurethane wheels but received the hard plastic wheels. I finally found the replacement wheels and switched them out. My kids love the car but I wasn't impressed with the service.
"When it came, the batteries didnt work and i had to buy new ones for it. Cost more to replace the batteries than i bought the tiara for."
"In Features they write :- About 120.8 inches long, it mean about 10 foot long, Is its true ?"
"DESCRIPTION IS A LIE. Believe the ratings and reviews (like I should have!)<br />1.I only recieved 18 (6 new packs containing 3 each)<br />2.They were NOT all &#34;SQUINKIES FOR GIRLS&#34; I received 9 BOYS and 9 GIRLS. Aliens and footballer players with angry faces are not Fairies.<br />3.They come new in packaging with bubbles with lame backpack dangles. I didn't want or order bubbles or dangles. According to the description they do not come with these.<br />4.In the lot we received we have 3 pigs. In the description it says &#34;most lots have NO duplicates&#34;. I guess I just got lucky? If you can't guarantee it, please don't say it!"
Broke within the first 10 minutes of use..
Product is horrible !!! My daughter was in the raft one time and the color rubbed off on her. We were sent the turtle with red ink. The ink rubbed off all over her skin. Took a long to get it off her skin.
"For $12 I expected a nice bag with a few beach toys. Instead I revived a super flimsy, thin, crappy quality bag. Returned it same day."
"must be used immediately, many leak or do not fully inflate. Glad I did not pay the original price"
"VERY BAD experience ! and NEVER again ... purchase this for my son and some of the cubes are repeated or have missing sides with the correct picture and cannot finish the puzzle, just look at the photos I uploaded  ....  Pig, rooster and Sheep FAIL.<br />I hope someone from Melissa and Doug can read this and get a the puzzle replaced with a working one!"
"The product itself is great. Incredibly solid. I was expecting bobblehead, from previous experience of POP! things, but it just had a swivel-y head. That's not its fault, though, that I expected something that it isn't.<br /><br />This is a super-cool statue of a person in T-45d. Seriously.<br /><br />My problem with it is that I ordered a Deathclaw and got a Brotherhood of Steel guy.<br /><br />I still liked it, and I ended up just ordering another Deathclaw, but... I mean... I wanted a Deathclaw to begin with!"
"When we received the paint, it was extremely thin and runny. It made a mess on the windows."
Absolutely NOTHING came out! I tried two out of the three included and i was just biting plastic!! Nothing came out and i'm very dissapointed.
"This product was different in the picture as to the product that was actually recieved! I was unable to use the product for the babyshower, not happy at all"
Very disappointed. Cheaply made. The handle bar decorations broke the very first day and the screw on the license plate is rusty causing it to fall. Would not recommend.
"Way too small!  I can't believe how tiny this was, especially compared to the &#34;boy&#34; super soaker I ordered at the same time that was the same price.  Gender inequality strikes again.  Major fail!"
Broke first time my son flew it do not get it.
"Same problem as earlier negative reviewers, except I disregarded their reviews and purchased the mat in 2015.  If you haven't ordered this yet, please read this first.  The smell is sickening and doesn't dissipate like they say on their website.  It is much stronger and incomparable to typical new plastic product smell.  (Background info: I'm the kind of mom who buys Naturepedic mattress, Naturepedic changing pad, and organic products whenever I can for my baby)<br /><br />I bought the mat newly ordered from Korea at a local store.  5 months later, the smell is still going strong.  I waited for the smell to go away like Dwinguler suggested and now it's too late to return to mat.  Since mine was newly made from Dwinguler, I wonder if the no-smell-mats from some reviews are due to very old stock (where the mat already emitted their toxic gas elsewhere)??  The smell also sticks to our clothes and hair like cigarette stinks.  I only let my baby on it with a play mat on top, but he would still smell of the plastic without even touching it.  I'm not so sure if I should trust them that this sickening smell is safe.  My baby will be crawling soon and I'm quite concerned.<br /><br />If you are buying the mat anyways, please please return it if it smells because it doesn't go away like they say!  Don't wait until the return period expires!  Even if the mat is really non-toxic, the smell really makes me sick.  I'm now hiding at the furthest room from the mat with the baby while writing this review..feeling nauseas :("
Just bad.
"Super disappointed. Did not realize that my drinking glass is bigger than this item.so whatever i paid plus shipping, i shouldve just thrown my money out of my window while driving"
"small,wavy screen"
Don't Buy Run Like A Dog Is After You Pure Junk !!!! PS Don't Never Buy 27.145 MHz Never I Mean NEVER .
"I agree with most of the reviews here - the photograph is extremely misleading wrt size - it's 2 toddlers at most. And having to run the hose non-stop is just kind of offensive.  But I had much worse problems:<br /><br />None of the inflatable starfish stacking rings will inflate. We have tried multiple pumps and multiple people.  We have kept the air pump attached for upwards of 5 minutes with no air at all getting into the rings.  All the other pieces inflated fine with the same pump and procedure, but the rings are pretty much a total loss, which has made my toddler cry twice.<br /><br />The plastic that this thing is made of sticks together - the bed of the pool will create folds that are so tightly stuck together that I feel like I'm going to tear and stretch it when trying to separate them.,<br /><br />Additionally, the design of the slide is ridiculous. I realize it's important to have the water base for weight and stability - but it's nearly impossible to put water into it before it's inflated, because - as I mentioned - the plastic really sticks together extremely tightly, so there's no place for the water to go. The water goes into what spaces there are, but there's no way to attach a hose so that air can't escape - the directions say to &#34;gently pour&#34; the water into the slide.  Good grief, Banzai, learn some physics - poured water is not strong enough to separate out adhered plastic; as soon as the the gaps are filled in the water just overflows.  BUT, of course - physics again! - if you try to inflate it first so that the plastic isn't as crumpled, the air pressure from the sides pushes the water out too.  We've got it inflated with just air and we have to hold it steady for him to use it. RIDICULOUS.<br /><br />My child was very excited about it - I have no idea how professional designers could come up with such a stupid plan but it's a real shame.  I'll never buy anything from this company again, which is unfortunate because in theory the products look nice.  UGH."
"The boat looks great, however ours did not work. One propeller did not turn, and upon inserting the batteries, the one that did work would turn on automatically.  Please beware!!"
"First review ever in Amazon. My in-laws got my daughter this for her birthday. I have to say that I was pleased that they were buying something made in the US. However, when I saw what it was inside I though it was a joke..&#34;The Chinese hacked the box and put something cheap inside&#34; I though.! Too many parts, requires screws, takes about 1.5 - 2 hours to put together. You will feel like your back in the 80's when you start puting this thing together. I'm not sure how this company is stilll in businees selling this type of product."
"The back had writing on it, making it un-useable."
Never got to enjoy. This arrived broken at the base of the flower stem.
Don't waste your money. They are very cute but every single one of them fell apart.  Back to the drawing board with this idea!
Falls apart after one use
Huge fail. No Android capability.
"That bag came pop, not like it !!!"
Broke after two months.<br /><br />The ball the slides into the fixed devise to allow swivel broke right off after trying to reassemble.  It's junk.
WORST CARDS EVER!!! All fake and doubles. 2 rares and rest just common and bad. DON'T BUY IT'S! A RIP OFF! NOTHING IN PICTURE COMES IN BOX
I had all child pictures very unpleased with these stickers
"Did not work as advertised, only filled one balloon at a time!!! This product sucked!!!!!!!"
Pretty dumb product.  It does basically nothing.
product arrived damaged no collector would accept :(
Didnt increased anything i can just get like 300 meters and i still cant go far than that
This product want turn on
"If you want variety, look elsewhere! These are not like the advertised photo. The eggs are the same, but we got one green and 35 blue dinosaurs, 32 of which were identical. VERY disappointed 6 year old opened them saying... &#34;another blue long neck&#34;."
The first order I only received one. The second order there were two.  These are not for little kids. They are very large bags and very expensive.
Cheap Chinese knockoffs
"The food is tiny and most of it does NOT look &#34;real.&#34;  I returned this set and bought a different multi-set from ToysRUs, which I loved.  Everything in THAT set was life-size and looked like the real thing."
"There were only really about 5 stickers that were decent. Waste of money, the stickers that are shown are not what are delivered."
Broke within an hour of setting it up. The music didn't work. Complete garbage.
What a gross toy.  Pooping out charms to place on a necklace!  Don't be surprised when kids start searching through their own looking for charms.
"Wow a Harry Potter trivial pursuit board game?! My favorite board game mixed with my favorite literary character, what could go wrong? Well first of all, there is no board. It literally is a pack of 100 cards and a die.  So good luck playing an actual game. So disappointed. Can't believe I got charged 20$ for questions I could have made up myself and no board!"
Not what I pre-ordered...<br />When I pre-ordered this item it had the Vault Boy for the picture... not the Ghoul and the listing said Vault Boy like it does as I'm writing this description. When the picture changed to the Ghoul I thought nothing of it. Very dissapointed that I recieved the Ghoul and if I still want the Vault Boy I'll have to pay more than double to get it. Highly dissatisfied.
The skirt is not as full as in the picture. The headband is thinner.  The bra straps r too short. It says its 0-3 months my baby is 2 months and is very petite i couldnt tie then
"absolute garbage. broke after one or two uses. you might as well just shake someone's hand and yell, &#34;BUUUZZZZZZ!&#34;"
Item arrived in very poor condition and is used is damaged . It is broken.
Was doing great flying every day and night. But then it stopped syincing it would dropp mid flight. Way to go latrax way to go.
A lot of the necklaces only half of the necklace glowed.  I had a lot of really disappointed kids!
One came damage
Do not waste your money this is over priced. You can purchase it at the Disney Store right now for $15 when not on sale it is usually $20-$25.
"I actually purchased this from Target because I was in a time crunch (and its $12 cheaper there). Opened the box and started to assemble only to find MISSING MANY PARTS!!! Including a wheel, the steering column and more. And the parts we did assemble before realizing we were short, were very difficult to get together. You will also need tools to assemble, fyi, for any other moms trying to do this on the fly. There was definitely lots of cursing and frustration as I tried to assemble it before my daughters birthday party- was actually relieved parts were missing and I could quit, but sad for her to not recieve a gift from us.<br /><br />I don't know what's up with Radio Flyer, but if you purchase this, buy in plenty of time to check for all the parts, get super frustrated trying to assemble it, and return it and try again if necessary."
"The toy is imaginative and fun BUT within minutes a screw holding up the ladder part fell off! We have tightened it several times now but as our grandson runs around with it, it un-tightens and falls out. This is a safety concern and just bad construction. We will have to figure out a way to glue over the screws!"
Shoddy paint job. Model is missing paint in spots all over as well as excessive paint smears on the back of the model.
This is in pieces and not a complete figure as advertised. I am very disappointed that I waited a month for this item to get mailed for Japan and it a bunch of little pieces and not assembled as an action figure. Plus the instructions to put it together are in Japanese! NOT a great item for Star Wars Black Series fans. Don't be fooled. Don't buy from Japan.
Correct me if I'm wrong but...shouldn't these cva dogbones be the same length? The package I received had different lengths...FAIL.
The batteries never worked even when I put new ones in.
"Seat was ripped, too much of a hassle to send back. Not worth the money"
If you're looking for ducks that will float these are not it. They all turned upside down. Bought as a baby shower decoration to float in the punch bowl and they just wouldn't stay up right regardless of what we tried. Total junk :(
Terrible quality.
Very disappointed! Have ordered these before and was happy but my last order amazon got them from a different supplier and are fake!!! Have to admit they did a excellent job but when you compare them side by side to other REAL shopkins its becomes easy to spot the difference! Also on two shopkins the paint job on the details where awful!!!! Mistakes can happen with shopkins but with these two it was really bad!!! Color and eyes are tiny bit off as well!! My daughter is heart broken! Very expensive for fake shopkins and heart breaking!!
very fragile and operation is not the best.
GOT HOLE IN IT FIRST DAY WOULD NOT BUY AGAIN
Horrible product and customer service is nonexistence. The circuit board's quality is really bad.  The solder joints are all eroded and looks like it was salvaged from a damaged unit.  Don't bother buying from this seller.
very to small
"Not exactly what i ordered. I ordered a stuffed animal, but i received a low quality similar product."
poor quality product
It sucks It is no stars but i had to put something
"I order from Amazon all the time and this is my first review.  Do not waste your money on this product. When I received it, there was no assembly instructions, no tool, the screws do not even fit and the plastic was already torn. I wouldn't pay $10 for this. I put it together in 10 min just to humor myself and thought I just might let my 10 month old get on it.  Think again! It is completely unstable and the first time my 2 year old pushes it over, you can bet one of them will hit their head on the big bolts that stick out. Completely dissatisfied and will be returning."
No cups at all very disappointed. I ordered two sets of these and neither had the hello kitty cups. Not worth it
Muscles structure are jot really deluxe as those are not fill with sponge and loose shape when touched
"I purchased 2 of these at Target for my kids. They didn't blow bubbles at all, they just leaked bubble solution all over the kids. I returned them."
"The pieces were so small, my little 5 year old could barely put them together."
NOT AUTHENTIC!!! I purchased 2 12 packs of Shopkins. My son was so excited and opened the packages only to realize that both packages contained fake Shopkins! Buyer Beware!!
Terrrrrrrible. This thing sheds worse than I do at 7 months post partum. Hoping to return it.
"Horribly pitted, not stainless. They rusted from cleaning quite badly. I know it's just an anatomy set, but we at least need the two sides of our instruments to be level with each other and the same length. Hard to pick up anything small with any of the instruments."
"It's not what they use to be when they first came out. There really small. Hard to play around with. Kind of disappointed really. And you don't get to choose what color, its randomly picked."
Broke after one month of very little play. I can't return it because it has been over 30 days.
"My 5 year old daughter got this for her birthday.  She took it out of the gift bag and the top came off when she set it down.  Can't get it to go back on, can't fix it, can't return it because we can't find a store that sells it.  It's a piece of junk."
Didn't work. Waste of money...sent it back.
"I bought this with the expectation that there would be duplication of some cards. I never would have guessed that I would get 20 copies of not one but two of the cards, and not useful ones, so 40 of the cards are just trash pretty much."
"I would not purchase from Tales of Adventure. My playset of unbreathing horde was in one sleeve with the heavy duty case, but on the OUTSIDE with tape on all sides. If your going to send me my cheap cards this way how do you treat other cards?!"
"It came to me corroded and damaged. From what I can tell it's made from the cheapest of metals and that being said, is easy to bend out of shape. Needless to say not what I was looking for or expected in a magic prop."
Piece of junk. Has to be completely assembled. Do not buy
Deceiving sales. Brilliant though. It's  not like 3 would make it a more valuable purchase.  #stupidamericans
"I have now ordered 2 of these launch sets.  Everything was easy to assemble but the the launch did not launch (kind of an important factor).  I am an experienced rocket builder/launcher so I know it is not user error.  Unfortunately I didn't try utilizing the replacement launcher right away so I did not notice the issue until the return period expired.  Now i am stuck with a launch pad that doesn't launch!<br /><br />Poor quality, don't waste you'r money!"
"Don't waste your money- pieces don't fit back together well.  If you want a display, they would work - just not usable."
there wasn't a confederate flag on the general lee I received ...I returned it....the picture shows a flag and the REAL general lee has one...My sons love the dukes of hazard show and I was very disappointed in this car did not have the flag.
broke within a day!  returned it....
This thing took ages to arrive and broke right out of the package. Not worth the trouble to return but awful product. Not even worth 1 star.
So I charge it up calibrate it and it goes up about two minutes comes down and one of blades just fall off and when put back on it stalls out ...sad choice for purchase
IT SUCKS
"The item I ordered sais &#34;with sound&#34;. I have played this with friends and their game had sounds. The one I received has a flat piece of plastic, no sound! I'm very disappointed. I may return it."
does not work looks like melted craon
"I ordered these yesterday and I was pretty psyched for them..until they arrive ,instead of the box of 6 they advertised I was given a SINGLE figure.JUST ONE. So please spare yourself the headache and DO NOT BUY THESE"
"Did not work, was a waste of money. Was supposed to be a funny prank but nothing happened"
"Not worth the price,and came apart fast. Have some old ones years old and still going strong"
"I just received this and it took quite a while to inflate (you inflate 1-2 sections at a time).  Once completed, the ball started to deflate quite rapidly.  In some cases, the plugs would not even stay in the inflation holes."
"I wont ever purchase again because they did not glow in the dark,they were regular belly rings. I give it a 0 very very poor. False advertisement is not good for business. Dnt ever purchase glow belly rings online."
The idea was wonderful. The balls do not stay hidden after the hippos catch them and it's just a hassle to play because of the design.
This is most upsetting my package went to a different a dress  especially when I spoke to a representative and made my address clear.she also guaranteed that a notation was put on my account explaining  the details  .now I am without my item.please notify ups of their incompetence
"Bad quality, doesn't really fit the cards well (I used it on resistance)"
"I purchased this Castle for my Granddaughter on her second birthday, she played with it for  approx. 2 hours, and the<br />button that operates the audio snapped off the castle (terrible design).  I called Amazon for the contact info for the manufacturer, and was given  the phone # for Disney Consumer Products.  I called Disney, and was told on no uncertain terms &#34;being that I did not purchase the Castle from Disney.com, they could not, and would not help me with an exchange&#34;.<br />I was told to contact Amazon for help.  I emailed Amazon my findings, and being the top notch company they are, credited my account and processed the return. Disney needs to stand behind their products, no matter where they are purchased, be more consumer friendly, and do a better job on approving designs for the toys they license. This castle has a poor design, and is cheaply made,..... caveat emptor."
"this is the worst paint I have ever tried to work with. Generally their paint is fine, but something went wrong with this kit. I purchased this a few months back and have just now tried to use it. the first bottle I opened gave me a few drops of paint then the tip clogged, i opened up the bottle to find a large chunk of congealed paint stuck to the spout, another was nothing but pigment too dry to reconstitute.Every bottle had some kind of problem, perhaps the paint was old or the bottles defective . In any account it's a wast of money."
Didn't even get one day of play out of it. Pumped it up the night before and it was sagging and droopy in the morning. Tried pumping it again - same result. Obviously it came with a hole somewhere. Returned to Amazon.
This ball is awful! Save your money! All both of my kids will do with this is shake it and it makes a very loud noise
"Very cheap, came apart right away...ended up trashing it."
Very bad
It took over two-weeks to arrive. It had a smal pin-size leak in the arm seam and lost inflation every couple of hours.
"We bought this toy at the Seattle Aquarium, and thought it would be fun and cute. While it's cute, we realized that even taking it out of the water and drying it off would not stop it from moving - and it makes a clicking noise while running. The blasted thing kept going and going all night long, keeping us awake. The only way to make it stop is to take it apart to take the batteries out (using a watch or jeweler's screwdriver). This greatly overrides and fun the thing gives you during the day."
We got this for our 2yrs old birthday and the fabric portion of the toy as already frayed in three different spots.  The stitching is done SO terribly and is just FALLING apart.  The seat wont even stay attached to the frame.  While this is VERY CUTE.  the quality of the actual stroller is fine and went together very well...but fabric is a HUNK OF JUNK.  The entire toy is WORTHLESS.
True plasticine clay does not float or dissolve in water. This clay does. I should have known when it arrived in a box labeled &#34;magic clay.&#34;
Blew the parrot up and within minutes it was flat... So basically I wasted my money
Attempted to fill the balloons but over 3/4 of them leaked all there water out within 5mins or less. Definitely would not buy or recommend anyone else to buy either.
It is NOT worthy at all.  DO NOT buy it!!! DO NOT be fooled.
Very small. Made for toddler. Picture looks bigger. Very disappointed.
These are terrible I got them at the store because it said it grows instantly but when I got home I put them in water after reading the directions and expected them to grow immediately. I waited for a few minutes and they didn't grow at all and then I read the back of the package and it said just to put it in water buy I did some research online and it takes almost 2 days for them to grow to their full size. I am very very disappointed in this product
"I put this on my Amazon wish list and a friend bought it for my twins. Keys are terribly out of tune, and while this g is<br />Much aller than the picture shows, and the keys very small  for little ones to strike one at a time.  If you want to get your little one their first instrwument, don't bother with this!  For $27 it should be easy to play and close to being in tune."
The accessories are really difficult to put on and remove!
Not satisfied
"Terrible quality, half of the caps are missing powder and most of them don't shoot off. Needless to say my six year old was not a happy camper."
Piece o crap
"I'm very disappointed at the quality of this toy, it's all plastic, not the nice sturdy kind, the cheap kind. At least they could have made the joints have some metal where they're pivoting. First the backhoe stopped working at the joint 3 weeks after purchase, now the front loader completely broke off, so now we only have a yellow tractor with nothing to play in the dirt with."
Caught on fire.  Very dangerous
"The jacks and balls were smaller than they look in the picture, and smaller than the ones in the 50's and 60's, all can fit into a 2&#34;x 2&#34; pouch. The balls didn't have enough bounce, kind of a thud. Very disappointed when I finally got to the tiny little pouch inside a cheap box that could have held at least 10 pouches. I basically bought a little box.I did find a good set of ball and jacks like the ones made in the 50/ 60's era, made by Schylling of Rowley,Ma., but made in China for $4.99. Only one ball, but it bounces. . . ."
Boat never worked even bought new battery still never work has to return and buy from someone else because seller wouldn't replace it
NOT ACCURATE DESCRIPTION. SELLER IS NOWHERE TO BE FOUND. TRYING TO RETURN ITEM SINCE WEIGHT LIMIT IS MISLEADING.
"When it arrived at my house, the bow was snapped in half. Not worth the wait or the money."
"The wooden Schwinn sign along each side now comes already fixed to the wagon. When we took the wagon out of the box we could see the manufacturer had drilled the sign on too tightly and its cracked the sign almost in two. The split was razor sharp and dangerous, we had to take the sign off. It also arrived with paint chipped off the metal body. This new wagon which cost us AUD$400 with shipping out of the box looks like a second hand piece of junk. (it was double box packed and the box shows no signs of damage)<br />Also the spacers are too narrow for the rear wheels, there is massive play and so when you pull the wagon it rattles horribly.<br />I would strongly recommend people Not Buy this or dont have high expectations. The quality control for this company on this product is appalling. I do feel ripped off on this purchase. I am ashamed for the person who actually screwed the sign on, cracked it and then put it in the box for a child to receive and in our case as a birthday gift.<br />Now we are trying to track down the manufacturers contact details hoping to get a replacement.<br />Will post update on how that goes."
"Horrible. The cups all had pieces torn, like they were torn in production by the machinery. Could not use. There were 2 stickers in the package, an attempt to justify calling it &#34;miner&#34; party. Colors were far from Minecraft theme. Very disappointed."
"After weeks of care, we see that we have successfully grown three leaf clovers. Not a single four leaf in the batch. Thanks for nothing."
"I have a one year old Main-coon cat, as you know they love to play in water.  I purchased the dazzling wind-up fish for entertainment for him,  he was more afraid of it.  The fish swims more on its side, it swims for a very very short period.  I purchased a helium balloon at the Dollar store and tied a feather at the end of the ribbon which he has more fun with the balloon then the fish. Sorry Mr. Fish."
The zipper ripped out on first use.
"Bought this for my little brother who is obsessed with peacocks. The shipping was faster than expected, however when I opened the package I was very disappointed. The peacock image on the backpack is not nearly as bright has it is in the picture, and the backpack itself is extremely small. Ended up returning it."
"I was very excited to give my nephew Woody for his birthday (with all of the Toy Story toys made by Disney). What a waste of money. The string came undone  from the plastic loop shortly after opening, and went right inside the voice box. We tried to fix it but can't get it to stay. You would think whoever came up with the design would have te string tied much more tightly and/or something around it to prevent the string from going inside. Unfortunately, spacing out when you buy presents doesn't work well for return windows. Hopefully I can find someone who can repair him for a decent price, because I'm surely not wasting my money on another one."
"Leg holes are very big. It says 3 and up but the other reviews said they used it for their infants. Granted my 9 month old is only 17 lbs, but i didnt feel safe leaving her alone in this for more time than it took me to climb into our pool. The outer rings deflate occasionally (as with all plastic floats), but the more we inflated the rings the bigger the animals head got. After a few weeks it was bigger than a beach ball and blocked her view. we threw it away and got a simple $20 nylon one at walmart and she LOVES it."
"This is badly mis-labeled - this is a game for 6-8 yr olds - for anyone older, it's a stupid game, it was a huge disappointment."
"For this price, I can't believe how small it is!  No way a 1 year old can pull this and it will not fall over.  The people pieces are small.  It's going back."
😕
"Very disappointing, these are very small. And you get much better looking ones with the cup cake paper cups as a set at most dollar stores. I'm also annoyed that it showed as being prime when I bought but now wants to charge me for shipping if I return."
The toy is great and realistic! Our three year old son loves it and plays with it everyday!! He drops it often and it has held up beautifully!!
So u don't get all three for that price it should say 10.21 for each one was going to buy for my god daughter but guess not
Did not work and tasted awful. a waste of money.
Just  received in the mail this morning! I paid extra for shipping because I needed it for my neices birthday tomorrow and it does NOT work!!!! I put brand new batteries in and still no luck! I'm very upset! Do not recommend!
Took off and never responded to controls. Never seen again. Buy a better one.
Be AWARE! I got a 3.7V Battery and its NOT a circular connector. Be very aware people!
All figures good except for daragaon or the middle one his head split in two his quality sucked I wouldn't suggest buying this set
Very cheap stuff<br />Don't waste your money
the cases were cracked on the top.  paid too much for sub quality product
"received as expected good there.  It was a gift for my grandsons birthday what a disappointment after charging the battery as the directions said plugged it into the boat and nothing no power.  Put it in water to see if it would turn on of course not.  The directions when you read them are very pour they were not written by anybody that knows how to speak English, and the translation from Chinese to English was a joke when you read it."
Not a very good model. Need to bend plastic track pieces and they break. Model does not fit together very well. Note worth the price.
"I received the wrong product. It was supposed to be princess but I received tinkerbell, instead. It was too late to return/exchange because I was making an Easter basket for my niece."
"The 2 packages I ordered were opened and resealed.  The fluffy baby was removed and replaced with a common one and one pack was missing a Shopkins.  Upon further inspection, the items appears to be fakes.  Don't waste your money, I'm sending them back."
Terrible. Broke during first use. The tubes come apart from the plungers.
What the hell is this? I got a complete knock off that looks like totoro is on an acid trip carrying his lil sack full of cocaine! It's suppose to be GUND and its not at all it's a knock off! Completely disappointed with this purchase! I wish I could give half a star!
"Junk, not even a good toy"
"Save your money. this toys is boring and the things don't stand up on their own.<br />just like the movie, this sucks"
"Instead of getting the I Love You bear, i got a Happy Birthday bear. What the hell?!?!?!"
Brooke way too easy... NEVER buying water toys here again
"This is the kind of stuff Disney suckers people into buying because the kids are stuck on Frozen.  We bought this for our granddaughter's 5th birthday.  It is AWFUL!  It is almost impossible to actually shoot an arrow out of it, especially for a child with small fingers.  She finally figured out a way to make it shoot, but none of them that would allow her to hit a target on a consistent basis.  It looks nice, but DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!"
I was told that I was going to be getting my package on the 6th or the 10th but it came in on the 4th I was excited cuz it came early but when I get home to open the package and start doing my bracelet most of the rubber bands kept on breaking so I'm kind of disappointed about the quality of the rubber bands it took me 10 times times to do my hexafish bracelet because the rubber bands kept on breaking like I said I'm disappointed about the quality of the rubber bands I wish I could get replacements for it but it's not going to stop me from continue buying stuff from Amazon.
3 weeks after i planted and i still have no sproutlings
"The sound of the animals was so minimum that the children had a hard time locating them.  Tried the game once; then, donated the game to an outreach organization.  Mrs. Tyrkko"
"Cheaply done, fell apart"
bootleg
Poor quality.  None of the markers worked.  And I think the material coating the pages is also of poor quality because other markers had difficulty writing on it.
"We ordered 4 of these and have opened two.  Both are defective.  They will neither count time up or down reliably.  I have gotten out the manual and have successfully reset them on various modes, so I know it can be done, but now neither works.  I am not trying the other two; they are going back directly for return."
This thing blows
Do not buy!! Good idea but you can't pull off design without it sticking  to self. Very frustrating!
"This bag is extremely small, there is not enough confetti to fill one hand."
"Bought these for my sons birthday party as they were supposed to glow . . . , I found that while they do grow in size, they DO NOT GLOW as advertised. Big bummer and waste of money."
Didn't like this
Please note this is NOT the Ender Dragon even though it came up in the search as such. Definitely a doctored plush item.
Got the ball for my daughter who was three months old at the time. Not only is this thing heavy but it didn't do as much as I thought it did. Now it's broken and sounds like a skipping CD. Forgot to mention how annoying this toy is in the first place but now it plays the same few notes over and over again. If you can imagine a three year old isn't going to be rough with it. Very disappointed with this product.
Enjoyed putting beads into pattern but never could get beads to stay together once they were sprayed with water
The headphones I received did not work. Very disappointed.
The tongs arrived with the red rubber cover on one side split.  Immediately fell off and now the tongs are useless because using them without the rubber cover will scratch my coins.  Poor quality control  Total waste of $15. Really sorry I made this purchase.
As soon as i got it looked nothing like the picture then it just fell apart
I ordered these napkins for a 50th anniversary party expecting them to be  gold like the picture. The color is more like a dark mustard olive green. They are not the metallic gold like they say. If you are wanting gold napkins do not order these. I was very disappointed.
no can get<br />wrong # on it
Total crap. I ordered one got it it had missing landing gear and a broken wing tip. Fine so I got a replacement the second one was even worse.<br />Crap crap crap too bad really cuz it is diecast and the wings open up. I don't understand how it's broken IN the box?
The color won't change. It was also not cheap.
Charger does not work. None of the batteries will charge.
It is way too hard to blow air through the pens for a adult and for the kids it's impossible. I felt like I was going to pass out  trying to get a picture done. I would of sent it back but it was from santa and she wanted to keep it. Save your money!!
"It was nicely slimy, but it would not pour out of the container without lots of shaking and breaking into several pieces. Returning it to it's container was impossible. I would have had fun with it for a while, but I didn't have a way to store it. I opened it and threw it out."
The first time we took the tube out of the box was for my daughter's birthday party about a week ago she was on it for about an hour and then went to get back on it and it was sitting in the pool in the sun and the same busted open I paid $40 for it and the store would not take it back because I did not have my receipt I will never buy another one!!! The first time we took the tube out of the box was for my daughter's birthday party about a week ago she was on it for about an hour and then went to get back on it and it was sitting in the pool in the sun and the seam busted open I paid $40 for it and the store would not take it back because I did not have my receipt I will never buy another one !!
Out of the box it had 2 leaks! One I could fix with duct tape and one just left the slide lop-sided.  Really poor product.
"DOES NOT WORK!!!  Not sure what half of the people saying it does is talking about... its crap, don't waste your money.  I should have read the reviews before I purchased this for my son.... who thinks farting is hysterical... He did not even get to see it... It doesn't sound like a far, but more of a noise maker you use at New Years....  I have those already.. I wanted something I could use in the car when he got restless in his car seat... this is worthless... If you do nothing else, make sure to read reviews on this before you purchase."
FAKE! These are not real Legos and made of poor material and craftsman ship. I'd rather pay more and get real Legos that will last 30 years rather then this JUNK!!!
"Just got the item. I was were very excited to have my son use it, but the unit is missing the phone handle and does not turn on. VERY VERY disappointed!"
"Look very deceiving, not worth the money."
"The plastic cover or top part of the piano is easily taken off by the baby. Thought the cover was attached to the piano. With the cover off, the baby has access to the little parts."
I  HATE IT YOU CANT EVEN WASH THEM
"I didn't buy this set, but they are available separately and I did buy one. Here's my review of it:<br />...<br /><br />This is a shoddy no-name toy of the type sold in dollar stores. It's worth maybe $2 or $3 at most; it even comes in a plastic bag labeled &#34;TOYS&#34;.<br /><br />It's made of regular plastic, not fiberglass. It comes with garish stickers already applied; the wings and tail need to be snapped on. It's got lumpy chromed wheels, the two halves of the body don't fit together perfectly, the wings are loose in their sockets and droop, and one had an engine already broken off.<br /><br />It looks like the rest of it would break or fall apart the first time a kid played with it - and that's all it's good for; it's certainly not a model/replica that you would want to preserve or proudly display.<br /><br />The only good things I can say are that the proportions look like a real airliner (except for the friction motor and wheels) and it has molded-in details that add some realism, like the windows, doors, wing flaps, etc.<br /><br />P.S. You can see most of the problems mentioned above if you zoom the product photos and look carefully."
do not grow
"The mat is big and soft. I really wish I can love it and let my 8 month old baby play on it. However, the mat has a super strong chemical smell and makes me feel very concerned about its safety."
"Random?  So you want Heisenberg but get Marie?  Gee, I wonder why no one's buying this stupid idea."
I bought one of these on Prime Now and the blades turned once and the unit quit working completely.  I called customer service and they promptly sent a return able along with my refund.  I figured this was a one off and ordered a second one and it promptly quit working after the first flight.  The whole right side of the copter quit rotating.  I am very disappointed in this product and it is very obvious that it has quality issues.  If i could post a review with negative stars if I could.
Squished when received
Broke after two days. Not worth it.
"These balloons pop extremely easily. After getting a dozen filled with helium, half of them popped before making it back to the house."
"Bought this because it looked so awesome and was cheaper than legos - I screamed and cried more than once putting it together. The instructions were difficult to follow (as an adult) and the pieces are not well fitted so my hands hurt and I had to take several breaks before I got it together. The structure is not very stable; there is alot of air inside when you complete it. Wish I had bought the lego set instead. After it fell apart, we threw out everything but the music box and horses."
When you allow children to be able with out parent code to order an clean out your checking acct like my great grandson did I am very unhappy.no way to store 5 orders of leg go's that I'll send back once they come but still that's almost 3 weeks with no money.
Cheap
"The stix seem to be too rough, thick and heavy to really move without moving the others. The 8 to10 inch, plastic colored stix from the 50's work the best."
motor gone after first 15 min.garbage!
No. It is way too big for a 3 year old.
"Lots of excess glue streaked down side of boat. Transmitter and receiver bind. Rudder set straight test close to shore, everything works fine. Minute later boat takes off across lake with no control. Freshly charged battery in boat and transmitter. Retrieve boat in real boat and try later. Does the exact same thing, no control. No close by interference"
0 stars card came in damaged and not first edition
"dries wrinkly and you can see it through the ribbons and also, comes off very easily. Not recommended for serious crafters or sewers."
"I have bought several of these over the last year or so, I usually buy red ones. this one broke the first time I used  it. They normally last me 3-6 months of almost daily use, so I know what to expect. I certainly didn't expect it to break with the first use!"
This product is horrible. One of the three pumps was broken and it super cheap.
Both pens were dead on arrival and the claim that the batteries were replaceable was totally false.  The battery was a soldered in AAA and not 3 LR44 button cells as was stated in the description.
"Be Careful. Mask comes with very strong chemical smell. You will not receive the mask as shown. You will receive low quality thin latex, with a low quality poor paint job. Buyer beware!!!<br />My daughter feel bad a few minutes after use, and I dispose off this garbage immediately."
Arrived and did not work.  There was no return sticker or return information.
Well it may need more cleaning as it working like a single stage airbrush not as a dual stage as advertised. Will keep updating this as I am learning this . I was a auto painter for 11 years so I understand the workings of a paint gun
What an absolute piece of garbage! Lasted 10 minutes before it popped. Avoid! What a Rip Off!
"I ordered two packages of 12&#34; (when INFLATED) beach balls (18 total in each package) as described and pictured in Amazon photos. The beach balls I received looked like the ones pictured and there were 18 items in each of the two packages I ordered.  However, the beach balls were 7&#34; INFLATED NOT 12&#34; INFLATED as stated in Amazon description.  Of the 36 beach balls I received, 5 were defective. I returned for a refund."
None of devices listed on the Anki web site would work. I purchased this for my 8 year old grandson who does not have a smart phone ( go figure)  I was thinking the samsung or Asus tablets would work but they did not.  The staff at Anki was very helpfull but could only tell me the tablets I have are under review. I also tried to download the program on my wifes new smart phone which I could not. To bad because this set looks so cool in the video. Returned the item
"Disappointed with the product.  The liquid in the pen that is supposed to fake blood was almost gone.  Also each pen has a sticker on it.  So I'm now left taking off each and every one.  First I tried peeling them off and the sticker ripped.  Then I soaked the sticker end in warm water, was able to remove the sticker paper but not the gooey sticky part.  So now I have to get goo off and remove the sticky part.  And all on pens that have only 1/4 of the fake blood in each pen.  What a let down.<br />Can I get a replacement or a refund please?<br />  On a good note...The pen itself seems to work well and the shipping was super fast."
These are great BUT they do not last past maybe 2 uses. I've gone through 3 of them. They start to rip so quickly. I would understand if I weighed 300lbs but I don't far from it. Be prepared to fall in your pool without warning!
First there is not as many ballons as the package says. Only two thirds of them filled up. Then half of those leaked out before we could even throw them. Not worth the price.
"Only received one, not four as shown.  After the order, I got a notice that the number of balloons was reduced by approximately 50.  I should have read more carefully that this came from China."
"Was very dissapointed, they looked nothing like the picture showed. Bought some at the dollar tree that looked 100 time better than these did for the same price."
"Terrible! Some pieces are warped, broken and missing guides holes. After much wasted time put into it, have decided it cannot be put together."
Literally broke apart in two days
She doesn't work right. My 8 year old daughter  gave up playing with her.
Very disappointed.  Seeds were moldy!
"Very disappointed in the product,  wasn't anything like advertised."
Not worth it!
"We just put this together and it is too stiff to steer and peddle.  Also, we bought it in March and just put it together and can not be returned."
"Misleading.  It only locks with a keyed lock,  i was deceived and will return the item."
"Zero stars, but I was forced to give 1. This is a piece of garbage and it was such a let down... Im pissed off. This is not even the glove pictured! DO NOT BUY IT."
This is a terrible aircraft I bought it a few days ago and I tried to fly it today and it would not fly don't buy this airplane 
Spent $23 on this piece of junk. My grandson played with it and the second day he had it - it broke! He was so upset!
it is different with picture. not a doll. you have to change the picture.
"Horrible.  They are extremely small, much smaller than regular army men and had a toxic chemical smell that wouldn't go away.  Threw them in the trash."
"I bought one of these brand new for my son and spent more time fixing it than he spent riding it, so I sold it super cheap, having owned it for a little over three months.  I didn't expect this bike to be high quality given the price, but it still didn't meet my expectations. -Less than two weeks after getting the bike, the clutch had to be replaced. -A few weeks after that, one of the fuel lines disintegrated and had to be replaced. -Not too long after that, the pull starter rope broke.  In the process of trying to wind the rope back on (which was another nightmare) one of the springs inside the coil snapped. -Additionally, unless you buy this bike preassembled, the graphics (stickers) are not on the bodywork.  You have to put them on.  The graphics are all flat but go on curved bodywork, so nothing really lays flat and the graphics end up with ridges and folds in them, and dirt gets stuck under them. -The bike has a key, but the ignition is just zip tied somewhere on the bike and prone to be ripped off in a fall.  I moved the ignition to the handlebars to keep it away from the ground. -Finding a dealer who will sell parts for these wasn't easy.   -No chain guide.  The chain just drags along the frame. -There is a screw to govern the throttle but it only has a couple of positions and I couldn't tell a difference between them.  Even unrestricted, at full speed, the bike barely went fast enough to be stable.  Positives about the bike:   -It is really cheap.  If you think of it as a disposable bike, that's not too far from the truth.  We bought this rather than spend $1500-$2000 on a new big name brand bike, in case he fell over a couple of times and was no longer interested.  -It is really light.  I never used a ramp to put it in my truck.  I just grabbed the frame and handlebars and set it in the bed.  This also means it's easy for kids to pick up when they drop it.  Would NOT buy or recommend an SSR product."
"I paid $151 for it. Just opened it up and the package (damaged but previously explained) showed seller paid $2.95 for it.<br />I opened it over a year later for grandson s bd, and old enough to play. It had batteries in it ,supposed to be empty, and acid leaked,damaging wire connections, Does not work. Buyer beware of pjnbj97. I should have opened earlier."
I purchased this item expecting to receive both kickstarter versions for coup and reformation but was disappointed when I found only the reformation kickstarter version. This item is not selling as advertised.
It broke within 1 day of receiving it.
"Was expecting the classic Lego formula here. I was expecting normal, lego-sized pieces with an instruction booklet to build an entire set with the pieces given. They only give you instructions on how to build the first quarter of the miniature world, then leave the rest to you to figure out on your own. Some people might enjoy that, but that's not why I buy Legos.<br /><br />I also was unaware that they really mean 'MICRO WORLD'. The pieces are far smaller than normal Lego pieces, making it a real hassle to put together (and take apart) unless you have the fingers of an 11 year old pianist or a robot.<br /><br />I'm an adult who grew up with Legos. Don't give us any more of this crap, please. Thanks."
"It was hard to get out the package, it feels like it was wet at one time, and it doesn't even work.:("
I would give it a ZERO rating if i could...didn't last but a week...not made very good!!!!! don't waste your money
"I got 1/2 of the parts described and pictured.  I got 1 female housing, 4 male housings, but one doesn't fit in the female properly, 5 male metal plugs and 5 female.  You might think from the picture and description you are getting 5 pairs- like enough to make 5 connections.  I got enough parts to make 1 connection in my order.  This listing is lies.  And have fun returning to China.  Not worth it"
"These sucked, i bought them in hope that they would flourish, and now they have been sitting in my cabinet for the last 4 years. I tried to germinate them right after they arrived like you're supposed to do, and they didnt even make it thought that process, i dont recomend these tiny rocks of hope."
D.O.A. out of box.
Broke almost instantly.  Not one but two leaks.
I pre-ordered the vault boy but got this instead. If I wanted a ghoul I would have ordered it?
5 year old Grandson loved it
I received these for my nieces birthday and they are counterfeit Shopkins.  They are all the wrong colors and do not match up with the official Shopkins lists. Buyer Beware!
bootleg<br />the real sakura miku box is different
Stay away from this product as it is not stable for a child.  It has a terrible lean despite multiple attempts to adjust / tighten.  I took it out a few times and had multiple people warn me about the lean while on the bike path.  Without completely replacing the atachment parts there is no way to make this work correctly.  Bad engineering and was clearly not tested.
Don't overprice it when the quality is so cheap and simple!
Its broken into sharp edge pieces.Danger for kid
if you go on the website you can get the avengers box the ant man box and the new one secret wars for 75 dollars.
The  holder has to be up against a wall as there is no back and it's empty. So if you wanted it on a table or part of a center piece it wont work. Very disappointed
Doesn't hold water and is a piece of junk.
"This is definitely NOT a Lamaze original inch worm. It is poor quality, badly stitched and I would hate to have my child put this in its mouth as you just can't guarantee that the material is safe or the filling not toxic. We have several Lamaze toys, and they come with cardboard packaging and are good quality. This came stuffed in a plastic postal bag and had no internal packaging at all. I'm shocked that Amazon allow this. I have requested a refund on the thing. Absolute rubbish, don't buy it."
Parts where missing
Arrived completely broken to pieces. Sent it back.
Crappy
Good
Product came in busted like it had been through the wringer obviously this was used and returned. ...would not let me post what it really looked like. Won't let me post picture either.
Tiny and small I am upset.
I was disappointed with this product. Like all thumb tips it didn't match my skin tone which i am fine with since it is a gimmick. The problem i had is when you vanish a silk or other prop you can still see it in the finger tip because it causes the tip to look discolored. I do not recommend this product unless you are doing stage magic then maybe.
"marshmellows get stuck, I have had these before with the gun ones that use a giant marshmellow so this was pretty dissapointing"
"Horrible Quality. Took the doll out of the package and the fell off (wasnt sewn properly). Had previously purchased one at Christmas and the seam down the middle of the doll came apart. It's not even a doll my daughter plays with on a regular basis. For the money, this doll is NOT worth it. Poor poor quality."
I bought this to replace the smaller one I had in my 22 inches helecopter. When I installed the battery it shocked me and I am pretty sure it destroyed my 100 dollar helecopter
"This product works only one day. I tried changing new batteries and different ways, but not working.<br />If you wish to use only one day, it's good product."
For the price i has expecting better quality than the 10.00 dominoes.  Not worth the price of 31.00.  I will keep them but will never buy them again.
"Not a solid toy. Wings fall off repeatedly, and with battery inserted airplane heats up. Not safe."
These are for chinese nerf knockoff blasters called Photon Storm. They will not fit nerf blasters.
Too many parts to assemble!
This fly's nice but I bought it for the camera and video and I was never able to get either one of them to work
very poor quality.
"I bought this for my granddaughter  was waiting and waiting. We opened it last night and it did nothing. I was horrified, she didn't understand why it did not work. I'm sending this back to you! Please provide me with the returning procedure. I want this to be over!"
"Really disappointed in this one. I have bought many Track Master trains from Amazon and this one is not like the others. The lever to turn the engine on is shorter and the top of the train keep getting unscrewed from the bottom of the train while my son is playing with it, exposing the battery! Not sure why this engine would be different from the others."
"it's cute and baby loved it while it worked, which was less than a month."
They would not bust. We had to get close enough were we could sqeeze them to make them pop. Just buy regular water ballons
Too hard
"They could at least do a better Job packing their products! it came to my house all beat up, the box were smashed and dented. Thank God the product it self was not cracked or broken."
"These cheap little guns are way overpriced!! I misread the description and thought I ordered a four pack like the image shows, I would NEVER have paid $17 for only five of these tiny styrofoam guns, I thought I was ordering 20. Total rip-off. Very disappointing.[[ASIN:B00CS6B42M Mini Water Pump - Air Pressure Water Cannon]]"
I could not figure out what these were. Not very useful and to small.
Lego parts were not clear but looked like they were chewed on.
He comes up as Cecil the lion. And that is why i bought him.
I ordered a BRAND NEW product and I received it in absolutely horrendous condition. Box was damaged and product inside had a chip in the plastic. I'm livid.
Ordered this but did not get it. Instead got two of the Disney Frozen light up ones. Disapointed<br />So I cant rate it. I still want this item. Help if u can.
When I received the product 8 letters did not work properly. EG: U would say W and X would say T
"It's shown in a spray bottle, but comes in an eyedropper bottle.  How are you supposed to use that effectively?"
Played once. Not much fun.
This arrived broken! It was cheaply made! Would not recommend!
"I write good reviews whenever possible; so to write honestly is only to help the one who created this to improve upon it!  It does need thicker sticks to hold up the props.  The sticks are more like BBQ skewers, I am sorry but that is just too flimsy for practical use!"
not safe light got to hot for a kids to touch
It was defective and had a leak. Requesting a replacement. Apart from that it is a good size and good for lying on stomach
My son got this for Christmas over eight months ago and we still haven't played with it because we can't get the tail on. Ridiculous. Others seem to have the same problem.
The kite did not come with instructions and it seems to be missing parts.
Way to big to ignite and fly. All of them caught on fire! Don't buy! Waste of money and dangerous.. I burned my hand.
I would give zero stars if possible. My son was so excited to open his mashed and literally within 2 minutes it was broken. These are either knock offs or just really bad quality. I will be seeking my refund and never purchasing again
"They do not stick. I have other decals that work fine on the same wall, but these are terrible. Such a shame...they're very pretty. :("
"When I received the stamps, none of them worked and they were all dried out. I would not buy these again."
"I have had many r c cars and I therefore know something about them. This one has many problems.<br />Minor ones:<br />Remote is non intuitive.<br />Doors don't open.<br />Plastic looks low quality and a bit fragile<br />Headlights are always on - many cars allow you to control that.<br />Makes very strange and unpleasant noises when moving.<br />I could live with all of the above, however...<br />You have to take the battery out of the car each time to charge it!!! Whyyyyy???<br />It has no traction on both wood and carpet. Wheels skid and spin all over before it moves and therefore it can't gain speed. It's because wheels are smooth and have no tread on them. You can't do normal driving much less speed racing or precision maneuver.<br />This last one for me is a show stopper. I will be returning it."
Too expensive bump that...
"The crayons do not stay in their holders, there is very little crayon material, and crayons slip back in when extended. We were lucky to get colors that matched though. Washable crayolas work better on the Melissa and Doug mats."
Its slow doesn't go the speed it says but i gave it to my little brother he likes it.
Sorry I bought this game.  We played it with 8 people.  To much quiet time and strange suggestions for stories.
water spray only covers about 6&#34; of slide. I have good water pressure from my hose. I had to set up a separate sprinkler to make it usable.
It was to little for my 7 year old and it is more like for a 2 to 5yr old if they are short but i kept it and just gave it to my baby lil cousin
"Was not what I expected based on online description. Firstly, I did not know this was a postcard. Secondly, I had no idea the back has a pre-printed message with a thank you for a first birthday gift. I am certain this was not in the item's description."
The game was incomplete and we couldn't even play it.
fake/bootleg<br />look at the paint job
"The dress is shorter for a 14 year old child though the size given is for a range of 14-16 years of age. Specially there is very less cloth for the fingersof the hand in which only a 2-3 year child can insert his fingers. Though the dress somehow fitted my just turned 14year old son as he is too thin but the feet and fingers pose problem and were overstreched while wearing. The zippers are of very cheap quality. Otherwise,the dress gives a good actual like look."
"I ordered a #8 balloon for my nephews golden birthday August 8, I paid $10 for it to make sure it got to me on time went to fill it up, paid for it and it was the wrong balloon!! The one thing he wanted for his birthday party was a giant golden balloon for his golden birthday and you disappointed him greatly. I could not be more furious right now."
Item Clearly states +1 free card. NO CARD DELIVERED.
This cooler is terrible. The ice didn't even stay frozen for 45 mins. we are usually on the river tubing for 6 hours or more. This cooler is NOT built to keep drinks cold for longer than 1/2 hr to 45 mins. Do not waste your money!
Excited to get this for my 3 y/o son and found this. (See photo).  Now he has an SDN truck.
"I am disappointed in purchasing this purchase! I receive only one , where in the picture there are two. Also I am looking for the return option and there is none! I wasted my money. Not a good buy. I want my money back!!!!!"
They came broken!
"The figure looks great, but doesn't stand up correctly. I'm not a huge fan of the bobblehead figures, but I can forgive that. I can't forgive purchasing another powerful female character that literally cannot stand on her own (I'm looking at you, Buffy and Danaerys figures). Maybe the one I was sent is a fluke, but it's incredibly disappointing all the same. She'll either have to live in her box forever, or I'll be returning her."
bootleg<br />look at the paint job its terrible
"Don't buy it, its does not work"
Terrible!  Doesn't hold up.  It's weak.
Very fun for the first 15 minutes of running it then it broke.  I contacted the store that was listed on my amazon purchase history. They offered to send a replacement part.
I did not receive a shangshou piriminx<br />I got a knock off brand
"the whole family thought it was great, arrived quickly and in good shape.  i don't think i would suggest it for everyone but if your family has a real sense of humor this will be a hit"
I thought the roll of tape was bigger. My mistake.
Don't get fried my servo and receiver as soon as I booted up my slash
Doesn't fly! POS
They do not glow in the dark! Very dissapointed!
"Very upset! I ordered this because it would match my rock n play, and bouncer chair!..... It arrived, BLUE... Not orange! I feel like I should have received what was pictured."
"Incredibly cheap sleeves, poor texture (cards slip everywhere), and three immediately ripped as soon as I tried to shuffle a deck of them. It has a nice design, but if you want reliable sleeves, look somewhere else."
I've now bought 2 of these. The first showed up broken and we promptly returned it. The second was fine upon arrival and now has the same problem as the first. Horrible product. Clearly has a defect in this model or shady seller.
The toy food is very thin and cheap plastic.  There is no plate that comes with it (despite being shown in the pictures).  Steer clear from this one!
"!!!!!DONT BUY THIS!!!!!!!<br />The girl doesn't slid. And I tried to stretch my ear to get the bar to fit, but I couldn't get it both holes because the girl doesn't slide. The return policy is misleading. You won't get ur money back. They don't refund shipping and they take 15% of your payment. So the refund ident even with it."
boot leg
Too small
"I bought these for favors for my son's birthday and was disappointed to find that they have a strong petroleum-type odor, are very greasy and will stain the surface they are used on. I ended up trying them after the party and tossing the extras."
From my 7 year-old son who used his own money to buy this: &#34;Way too small but maybe good if you like action figures.&#34; He was hoping it would fit with another larger scale set he has. I guess we didn't read the measurements correctly. We returned it.
Not what it's described as
They came broken!
This broke the first time my grand daughter wore it. Waste of money.
The toy for my son was not what i spected..some parts were missing n we couldn't put the stickers on..so we have a toy with missing parts n missing stickers.  Everything was written in Chinese. .very disappointed with this toy n was very expensive.
"Bad, my ears fell off and nothing was sticked on correctly"
I have purchased two of these in the past month.  The first worked well for about two week until one of the points broke off when I tried to unscrew it and became unusable.  The second one worked for about 15 and then the tips wouldn't screw in or screw out fully.  It is terrible and I'm very disappointed in the money that I wasted on these burners.
This is a poor excuse for a rc truck.  Do not buy if you want one that works longer than a minute.  We have bought TWO in a two week period and the first would not go ANYWHERE!!!! Which created a unhappy grandson (which is always at terriible thing) then we ordered a second and it worked for maybe a half hour!!!!!! RECHARGED battery pack ....NOW will NOT GO FORWARD..... Come on this is ridiculous.. You buy in good faith and spend 50.00 dollars AGAIN and this happens all over.  My grandson has had a lesson in disappointment that will always be associated with Kidzlane and very poor quality.  Can you give minus\STARS!!!!
Not a wooden puzzle - fiber cardboard. Bad chemical smells that took 4 days of airing out to make tolerable
"Was not happy with this item.  While inflating, it burst.  It was kind of flimsy and we did not over inflate."
10 minutes of fun then ready for trash gets wet inside and sone
These are the WORST toys ever! They fall apart immediately-<br />My niece opened them and they all fell apart within 5 minutes.<br />Don't waste your money!!!
"The box arrived open. The bank was missing one screw. It worked once, then broke. Replacing the batteries had no effect."
It lasted about 1/2 day before the knob broke and it wouldn't open anymore.  Just handling it you can feel how cheaply made it is.  Of course it's pretty cheap so I guess you get what you pay for.
very poor quality broke. My son had a beyblade fight and it broke next day.
Does not work at all and replacable dial face is so loose !!
This is my 2nd one & very pricey as well. They both lasted about 10 days. I was hoping this 2nd one would last the summer. We took excellent care of it. Water somehow gets inside the<br />battery case & corrodes the little motherboard. Very disappointed x's 2.
"Returned the first one because the remote would not signal a right turn.<br />Returned the SECOND one because it would not hold a charge after 5 minutes of use, and to go forward, you had to push up and to the right. Ill try a different brand now."
They was a waste of money they did not hold water good and didn't even filled up at all
"The plastic beys do not spin for very long and the arena is small and deep, our son was very disappointed after playing with friends arenas that are larger andmetal beys that spin much longer etc"
Cheap yes solid yes. Does it fit the ilook no! It's loose rattles says right in instructions that it's designed for gopro. Obscures power and antenna. What a waste of money had to modify to fix. Shame on this seller
Balloons don't blow up all the way and the are very hard to pop
"Not adjustable lenses, not possible to use magnifier while working on repair, waste of money"
Only received 24. 10 of the 24 were variations of storm troopers. I had 4 mini's that had duplicates. I had 3 of the same of another. Total Waste! DO NOT BUY! Go to www.coolstuffinc.com and order specifically what you want. I was not looking for expensive rare mini's. But I definitely wasn't looking for a bunch of the same thing (minus one).
"Ball color was not faded, and the shape of the stick/cups was not as pictured. I received a cheap tijuana version with cheesy stripes painted on it. The reason I ordered this was for the look in the photo."
"If I could rate this lower I would. NOTHING like the picture. It came and was cheap cheap plastic and was a bifold wallet, not trifold. Had no zipper, no Velcro, basically nothing like it said it was. Save your money and buy another one."
Product default
The valve was only 1/4 inch high.  Extremely difficult to inflate and the 15 month old baby who weighs 17 lbs barely floated high enough out of the water.  I was going to return it but it was so hard to deflate that I gave up and tossed it in the trash.  I purchased My Baby Float Inflatable Swim Float Child Safety Seat Aid Trainer Raft Water Fun Toy Pool Ring Yellow instead.  We had one but after going through 2 kids it did finally come apart.
Did not receive cups that were in the description. Seems that others had the same problem. For as expensive as this set is it should at LEAST come with the promised cups. &#62;_&#62;
Why on earth do you think this figure is work 400.00?? It's worth 200/250
"very small, and poor quality materials, head piece is weird"
The screws were missing and now I can't assemble it
She came with a broken leg
"junk, batteries were completely corroded and I had to sand them to get contact, glasses fell apart trying to get batteries in, horrible horrible junk"
"Do not get this! This is a total scam. It shows you all these cool posters to color and they make you believe that you are going to get all ten, but you don't. You only get one and it isn't even one of the posters shown."
"Quality very very very poor. See my Utube on this crapazoid https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=78NPjHE0CEk<br />Poor finish prep, pitted surfaces, contaminated paint, miss-aligned parts, spinning emitter doesn't even spin freely. Somebody better send a full-refund or a properly-inspected-and-finished product right away. Meanwhile 3,000 persons visit my Utube site a week and I've got another 140,000 or so views on my google plus page."
Garbage
Ok
Broke first day
On a couple of them the plastic broke during a battle
Disappointing since there are only spaces for either D or P but not both.
"I initially gave this 4 stars.  I really liked it for a while, but it died suddenly after working great for 2 weeks.  I used it while running for about 1 hour/day, so not extensively.  It looks like a cheap piece of junk and it turns out it IS a cheap piece of junk.  For whatever it's worth, below is my original review: I got exactly what was pictured.  I LOVE the small size and light weight.  However, it is very cheaply made and feels like a little toy.  Also, I don't understand why it comes with a USB flash drive when what you really need is a micro sd card. This is what you need (including the adapter): http://www.amazon.com/Kingston-microSDHC-Memory-SDC4-8GBET/dp/B00200K1TS/ref=pd_bxgy_60_img_y It came with no instructions AT ALL.  I first plugged the MP3 into my computer using the cable it came with, only to find that the computer doesn't recognize the unit; the cable/computer is used only to charge the MP3 unit.  Then I figured out (only from reading other reviews) that I needed a micro sd card to upload music onto this thing.  Luckily, I had a micro sd card on hand.  So, after a bit of trial and error, I got it to work.  I am actually pleasantly SHOCKED to find that it works. It looks so ridiculously small and flimsy that I was almost sure it wasn't going to work.  I'm giving it 4 stars for now because this is actually exactly as described and works well... for now. I will update my review if and when it breaks.  I would've given it five stars if they had included instructions and a micro sd card (which would be only logical to include in the package in my opinion)."
"If I could put less than one star I would. I bought several packs of Thank You cards and these idiots packaged the envelopes already sealed, so I literally ripped through every one trying to open them. Then I had to go through the trouble of finding envelopes to fit the cards."
Note that this isn't a Star Wars product though the label says STAR WARS. The coloration and design are significantly different.
"Worked for 5 minutes then broke, my grandson spent the next hour crying!!"
These were not dessert plates but rather dinner plates. I was scrambling at the last minute to buy dessert sized plates.
Was very inexpensive but not very well made - more like a toy. Would not recommend.  Was described as novelty hat and it is!
Very disappointed in these markers. The eraser pens didn't work. The blow pen pretty much blows a vein in your brain because you have to blow so hard. One of the markers bubbled the paper and turn hard. My granddaughter was excited to see them but that was the only excitement about it. Very cheaply made. Only one star for the smile I got when she saw what she opened
I got this item and only the lights work. There is no sound at all. I've tried replacing the battery and that didn't work. I had already opened the box so I could not return. Disappointed
this is the second puzzle I have bought from Ravensburger. They both had between 20-25 pieces missing! Do not buy this brand of puzzle. Learn from my mistakes!!!?
NOT STABLE
BOUGHT 4 ESC'S ONLY TO HAVE 3 WORK CORRECTLY. I ASKED THE SELLER TO GET ME THE FIRMWARE VERSION SO I COULD RE-FLASH THE ESC. THE SELLER TAKES 9 DAYS TO REPLY SAYING THE ESC'S HAVE NO FIRMWARE AND CHECK MY OWN SETTINGS.<br /><br />I ENDED UP BUYING ANOTHER 4 AND GUESS WHAT. AGAIN ONLY 3 WORKING ESC'S.<br /><br />POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE AND POOR QUALITY CONTROL.
"Do not order these!!!  I bought these for my daughter and she was so excited when they came.  She tried to put them on but they won't stay on because the fabric is so thin.  It is PAPER thin - like tissue paper.  There is no structure to these ballet slippers unlike what the photo would imply.  The shoe size is probably size 10/11 but even if your child's foot is that size, I'm not sure the shoes will stay on because the fabric is so flimsy and the shoes are so wide.  If you want to return these (7th Avenue is where I ordered it from), it'll cost you a 20% restocking fee or you exchange it for something else they sell but for such a low price item, it's not worth it.  So basically, you're just throwing money away."
"I was disappointed from go. First, the trinket box I have is not as pretty (yes, I'm aware they probably used professional lighting) and the pretty  accent &#34;stones&#34; are very obviously glued on (I wasn't expecting real, but better than obviously fake). Finally, while the dimensions make it sound reasonable, it is much too tiny on the inside. On the upside, the sea shell and star &#34;imprints&#34; inside are cute.<br />  I'm aware my review is harsh, but it's the truth."
They came ripped and bend and I was not able to hang them because half of the hangers were missing.
I have to put a star because otherwise won't let me express the Very poor quality... Totally not what I was expecting the size is like for birthday treats :(
There were a handful of stickers I liked but it seems like the majority of them were little kid  related. I really thought i would be getting a pack of stickers that werent childish. I was hoping for the stickers that are advertised
Wouldn't fly :( bought as a present for my nephew. Very disappointed
They leaked and sunk. Several had misc paint on face or body making them easy to identify as prize winning as I failed to notice u till too many kids kept picking those ducks
Shame on Little Tikes!  Do NOT buy this very poor product.<br />Front Wheels are uneven - instructions to correct the issues are poor- &#34;Important Check Axle Positions&#34;.  The right and left axles are the same size but the stop ridges are at different lengths- So it will NEVER be level!  Mechanical Engineer In-House couldn't fix it -<br />Very disappointed grandparent and grandchild!  I'm returning this product to Amazon immediately!!!!
"No toy variety,  all same toys. I knew the toys would vary x I just thought there would be more than 2 types of toys. My 5 year old was disappointed on her bday.. :("
The item I received was not the flow in the dark version of the Lumiere Pop! figure. I looked at videos online of what he is supposed to look like just to be sure. I am returning my figure for a refund.
This thing is a piece of junk.
Super tiny and cheaply made
"Messy, sticky. Big miss by play dough. Stick with original."
"Read the reviews and decided to take a chance.  Arrived one day late, instructions entirely in Japanese, many pieces, and a website listed on the product that is not actually a website.  Boo."
Too many beach balls had holes in them and deflated quickly. many had to be returned.
"These were the worst, most time-consuming yet still unattractive decorations I've ever tried using for a party.  It took three separate people to unfold these decorations and they still weren't spheres when complete.  Not to mention the tissue paper tore on several of the layers.  The color is nice, but spend your money on a different headache."
Not worth it
Product arrived and looks used. I was going to use it as a gift. I am not able to return it either I guess.
It burst into pieces after 1 use
"They are cute but when we opened the package there was a very strong toxic odor.  I was not sure if it was safe for my child to be<br />breathing in the fumes coming out of these toys.  I have soaked them in warm water for a day and still waiting for the smell to go away.<br />It has diminished a bit, however the smell is still pretty  strong."
6 and 7 year old quickly tired of trying to follow unclear directions to build an ugly car or whatever they label it as. Save your money
"The one we bought at Target (for $49.99 + tax) didn't work.  It didn't shoot anything, at all.  So, we bought this one.  And, much to my son's disappointment, it also doesn't work.  So, it's going back."
Much smaller than expected from the picture.
"Well it was really cool to see the bubbles and how colorful they got, but it broke within a week.  Not happy at all considering how much I spent."
"Terrible.  We thought it would be much better quality.  We should have returned it.  It looks like it came from the 99 cent store.  We bought another set, that has a wooden board. This one is junk."
The mold was inconsistent in shape. Not a good fit for a child or adult and the plastic stunk so bad I got dissey
Disappointed. One of the knobs that go in the other side of the screw was defective and now it poses a safety concern because with iy it the screw will not stay on.
RIp off price.  You can get these from Hobby King much cheaper enough to buy two!!
If you like items to break within two minutes of use this is the time for you.  After modifying this &#34;direct bolt on &#34; item so it would work with the revo I drove the car hit one bump and that was it to the tortion bar. I made a new one and Then the arm broke. Worst product I ever bought.  I tried multiple times to contact hot racing including a bbb complaint and still no response.  I definitely would not recommend this product.
"First, the board was split when I opened it.  Then, I realized that the &#34;electronic scoring&#34; simply means they give you a calculator to keep score.<br />Not worth purchasing."
Only one crab made it and they were cruelly packed. Very disappointed.
"Instead, I got a reverse holo version that was in bad shape and was bent and had indents. I was not happy with this at all."
"If you want spare parts, this is the bey to get. I was disappoint to find out that this bey is fake, dis colored, and does not have the original tip or track this bey originally has. I DO NOT recommend this product to anyone"
"It was the worst item I have ever purchased for my RC car. No matter what I tried, loctite, silicone, and just plain over tightening, it still loosened up and nearly fell off the truck after about 10 minutes of run time. It looks and sounds great, but it just won't stay on the truck. Don't waste your money like I did."
"Product keeps deflating, slowly leaks air :("
absolute junk. Hardly any water in them before they fell off. The kids were so disappointed.
"I read all of the bad reviews about this item not working, but I thought perhaps I would get lucky and receive a dancing flower that worked....NOT!"
"This product came with an installation manual that said screws, bolts, and nuts were included, we only recieced the net and eyescrews , we had to go purchase everything else even though it was supposed to have been in the box."
"I didn't read the fine line and the big 65 got me! It turns out there are 25 colors and 40 sheets of paper!  I was soo disappointed when I opened the box Because the colored pencils are great, they are a good size and they are twistable so no need for a sharpener or nasty shavings.  I just wish there were more color options.  Not sure what I'm going to do withe the box once the pencils are gone.  All in all not really worth it."
This is dollar store quality at best...I was very disappointed..Definitely not worth the price.. My grandson doesn't play hard with his toys and his first day to play with it one of the little men just came apart  trying to put him back in the go cart...a steering wheel came off with no effort and would be a major choking threat..
"I am sure this is a fun toy.  My son played with it at a friend's house when he was younger, and he seemed to like it.  So I bought it for my daughter's first birthday.  I bought it preassembled because after building my son's backhoe loader last year (http://www.amazon.com/Rolly-Backhoe-Loader-Tractor-Yellow/dp/B00091V932) and coming close to shooting myself in frustration, I have decided I've had it with building kid toys.  Btw, that toy is AMAZING, well-built, and very sturdy.  I highly recommend.<br /><br />First of all, I purchased it on a Sunday (during the day) with Prime.  I figured 2 day delivery would put it there Wednesday at the latest.  No.  No such luck.  Thursday.  The day after my daughter's first birthday.  You know what?  Who cares?  Big deal.  One day.<br /><br />So it came Thursday and my family waited till today (Friday) so I could be home to open it.  My kids LOVED it.  My son pushed my daughter around in it and they were having a BLAST.  We were taking pictures when I noticed that it kept running on only 3 wheels (and sometimes 2).  So I got my daughter out (that was tough - she really likes it) and stood it up on its own and sure enough...the thing is wonky.<br /><br />I flipped it over to see if it was something I could quick fix.  No dice.  Either it was assembled poorly or the parts were already messed up.  The resulting tilt means later anyone who tries to use their feet to power it will always wind up going in circles.<br /><br />I didn't take a picture of my one year old daughter hugging the box sadly as I put it back into the packaging to send back.<br /><br />Lesson learned.  No more preassembled.<br /><br />I bought the little truck with the nightmare reviews about assembly.  I suppose it's the least I can do for my kids."
Nothing like what I expected. Just have to chalk it up as a really bad purchase
We left them in the box and took them on vacation. What a let down. Neither one held air. Tired of having to blw them up every hour so we through them away. Very expensive not worth it. Kids really disappointed
It is a cool game but the artists are all men.  Zero women.  Not a good thing to show children.
"I ordered this screw set twice, once from BT Group and once from Horizon Hobby. Neither had the screws I was looking for (only needed 4 specific screws). Also only had 3 screws for the differential, a bunch of one size there should only be a few of, and not enough of another size where there should have been many! AND there are philips head screws in this kit. Where are they supposed to fit on the Twin Hammers? They don't. This is either a mislabeled product or screws are tossed in without measuring or counting. Search elsewhere for replacement screws!"
They did not come in a box as shown but instead in a small black pouch and with a different necklace than the chain necklace shown in the picture. The Triforce is black instead of silver and the necklace they sent instead of the metal one is to big to fit into the charms except for the black triforce. I am very disappointed in this purchase.
Sooooooooo tiny. This was great for my 1 year old niece. Anyone bigger is way to big and just flops off. (My 5 year old & 8 year old)  Dont recommend. Amazon gave me my money back.  And i tossed it.
"Doesn't work, wish I could give it negative stars."
"You can not import your own images without buying an additional CD for $10.00 from decalgear.com.  If you have a good inkjet printer and have PowerPoint or similar software, just get your digital images from Google, crop and scale them in Picture Manager, copy to PowerPoint  and then simply print them on white or clear decal paper."
Don't buy is garbage
Looked nothing like it did in the picture. Lousy paint job. Missed a bunch of spots. Waste of money. Very poor quality and disappointing.
"The picture was deceiving. It looks soft and cute. But when I got the doll, it was bad, clingy material, was rough to the touch, and didn't have the same face."
Almost half of the balloons had holes in them and some wouldn't seal off with the rubber garment that's suppose to keep them sealed
Buyer beware! I received only one backdrop in my shipment. I had to hastily order others and return this one (at a much higher cost); fortunately there was time to do so before my event.
Don't be deceived. This is not the entire table. It is only one drawer. One very expensive drawer at that. The picture is very deceiving. We thought we were ordering the entire train table and we received one drawer. That's it for $100
"I recently bought one of these cubes. It is very flimsy and pops very quickly. It feels very cheap. After I received the package, I was upset only to find a used and dirty cube. The package was already opened and the white face had stains. After doing a drop test, the cube popped. The cube I was sent was a knockoff. Even pulling an edge piece lightly pops it off."
"Received today with broken wing and the face is 'worn' out, can see black marks through paint/plastic."
"I would really like some assistance here with this.  I ordered this red set, as I had previously ordered a blue and it was perfect.<br />The red set came with the double six (6) tile marked, which makes it almost impossible to play with as players can clearly see which tile is the double six (6).<br />Please contact me, all I need is to just get a double six tile shipped to me. rchinhong@gmx.com.<br /><br />Thanks"
"Some pieces were missing, very disappointed"
"Nothing but trouble here, the aura seems to almost... De-calibrate on its own showing instability, a tendency to flip when near the ground, sometimes suddenly darting at full speed right or left crashing into buildings or on the ground. I haven't had a solid confident flight since buying it."
not very easy for a child to handle
Good
"Didn't fit, waste of money"
"Shipped the product without even checking if the contents work fine or not. USB cable was faulty, one of the blades didn't spin at all. I would not recommend it."
This thing is a waste of money!!! It is a piece of sh**!! It came with broken wires on the camera so I can't use the camera. Do not buy! I would give it zero stars but I cant!!
"This item was purchased...and returned due to missing item.  My son has not used it (yes I know it was several months) and today went to get it out to built it....the very same piece that was missing the first time.  Missing again.  Yes it is my problem because we didn't check it ASAP and am now past the return policy.  However, my son doesn't always play with his toys right away and saves them for &#34;rainy&#34; days.  Today is a very rainy day.....only he has a nice big useless toy..."
They're cute but break very easy.
Great concept...lousy quality.  Had a lifespan of one and half hours before deflating. Superb graphics on the outside of the box...total junk on the inside.  Three very disappointed grandkids.
This train never worked from the start. Our three year old traded in his soother for it and it never was operational. What a let down. DON'T BUY
Not the good reliable cap guns we got as kids . Near impossible to open the side to load the caps and takes an adult a lot of frustration to load. Fails to feed the caps most the time.
"The truck worked great for all of 20 minutes and then started making an awful clicking noise. The truck would only run when picked up, once it was placed on the floor it wouldn't move. Would not recommend purchasing this truck!"
"Very misleading product. First off, I ordered 2 day shipping, and it took 5 days to actually get to my house. After it arrived, I was severely disappointed.<br /><br />Now lets get to the misleading part:<br /><br />1. Functional doors: They aren't. Nothing opens, or if it does you almost have to break it to open it.<br />2. The pictures show a free standing car model. This is not true, it arrives on a platform and does not come off. You would have to probably to break it to get it off the platform it's on.<br />3. It looks extremely cheap, and there are some defects in the plastic models. It just doesn't look good.<br /><br />I'm returning it and I would suggest you skip over this product."
had pieces missing
The premise is wonderful bit they don't stay open which means you can't actually throw a ball into the goal.  Waste of money
"It says in the description that it is a set of 44, however only 4 arrived. Horribly overpriced and very disappointing product."
"Oh well, you get what you pay for."
Just opened up the game and was very disappointed to find that there's no bottom blue piece to keep the chips from falling through!!!  A big miss!!!  Brand new game now has to go to the trash.  What a waste!  Unfortunately the return window is closed - I never thought I'd even have to check to make sure such a simple game has all the vital pieces.  Pretty ridiculous.
Listing said there were 3 badges.  So I ordered one package.  Only 1 badge.  So annoyed.  Need two matching badges.  Now I have to give them more money and order another one.<br />Badge itself is fine for costume purposes (we will use for a play) just not the quantity I was expecting.  Please fix your description/listing.
"We bought this as my daughter's first birthday present and we were really excited when we got it. It is very bright and super cute, and appeared to be very will made. Unfortunately, after only having the product for a couple of months, the material started to come apart at the seems right down the dragon's back. My daughter wasn't really interested in it for about the first month so it started coming apart without even having that much play. The return window for this item is only 30 days so now we'll have to take it somewhere and pay for it to be fixed. I would fix it myself but the fabric is pulled so tightly I'm not even sure how to do that without making it look tacky. This is really disappointing, I thought this rocking dragon would last for years."
"Sent me 3 counter clock-wise and 1 clock-wise, this wasn't going to work, sent them back for refund"
I bought two of these. One broke after 6 weeks. The other one can be opened without using a combination.
water did not fill the entire slide...cheaply made...does not work at all
"Horrible. Product game and the remote wouldnt calibrate with the quad. After hours of research it turns out the battery was broken. I got it to fly once, for 2 seconds. thats it."
Please save yourself the money!!! DO NOT BUY THEM!!! THEY ARE THE WORST!!!! After failing three times I finally just had to put water in them and hand tie each freaking one. I am never buying these again. Just buy the single ones balloons in the store if you need any.
Very disappointed with Amazon on this one!  Amazon should be required to let consumers know BEFORE purchase if an item has a prop 65 warning on it. I specifically purchased this backpack over another frozen backpack I looked at because the other one had a prop 65 warning in the description and this one did not. Well lo and behold I receive this backpack today and there's a tag that says &#34;Warning: This product contains a chemical known to the state of California to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm.&#34;  Not exactly what I want my 5 year old carrying around all day!  I really don't feel comfortable having it around myself either as a woman of childbearing age. Now I'm stuck with a useless backpack and have to scramble to find a safe option before school starts. Thanks a lot Amazon!!!
The color is not as pictured.  It is not the color pink it is burgundy colored.
Do not buy this... it limits your steering to almost absolutely nothing!
Finally opened game and the swords piece was broken. Such a disappointment to give a gift and have it be broken.
horrible quality.
Item was missing several integral parts although it was bought as new. Had trouble shipping it back because we had already put the legs on and they didn't want to come back off. Very disappointed with this product!
Very diapointed  the bad is plastic and very small cant hold anything  . It doesnt work for the purpose I wanted it for.
Dont waste your money.
Really bummed when I opened my box to see that it is in no way shape or form in salvageable collecting condition condition.. Stains and scuffs from head to toe.. Can't even clean it... Not putting this on my shelf... And debating just putting it in the trash...  I would have given 0 stars if it let me...
its not what you think it is. worst thing I've ever gotten
"I was really looking forward to the endless hours of entertainment this item would have provided.  Alas - It literally fell apart when I opened the packaging it came in.  It's not returnable, so I get to eat the five bucks."
Upset and bored…NO PRODUCT….WAITING….
I am very disaponted! Those are legos for babies! And have big pieces. The product did not specify this. Now I do not know what I can do as I lived outside EUA.
I don't think this kite was designed to actually fly. Complete waste of time. Do not bother.
joke
Its stuck and won't stop making noise. It makes noise over and over until we turn the power button off.
"Does not stay together with the glue they provide. Used wood glue to make it work. Missing 3 very crucial parts: dowels, mini dowels, and hub caps. How can they forget 3 parts? I had one very disappointed 6-year-old."
"Poor...the main part, the inflatable tube was missing"
"This product was cheap and when I opened the box from Amazon a piece of the ship fell out (the anchor) when I contacted Amazon about this they offered free shipping, but that is all, said nothing about the product and returning it or giving me a refund on the product itself. It feels cheap and light and feels like it would break if you set it down wrong. Not at all what I expected and definitely not worth the price!"
looks cheap. there are much better similar products.
Returned this.  It flops down in my face.  Not practical.
Very disappointed was excited for my kids to have a game I enjoyed as a kid. I don't know where quality of toys has gone now days bit the string is a out 2 feet to short to even play. If this had longer string it may have been worth the money.
"This is NOT a 15&#34; board! It's around 13&#34;, and the quality is super cheap, some of the pieces won't even stand up. This board is junk, check out the pictures from other reviews, very cheap balsa wood feeling material."
"Poor quality construction, poorly written instructions.  Received defective device from Etoysworld.com and was required to pay shipping to return this.  DO NOT BUY."
Burst within the hour. Total waste of money. Kids very disappointed.
ridiculous price for such a small toy!!!!
I would've given 5 stars if it wasn't for one VERY noticeable thing. The product I received was clearly used. There were food stains on Anna and Elsa's faces. I had the tent up for maybe 10 minutes before I noticed it. My two year old was so upset when I had to package it back up to return it. So for anyone expecting one coming in make sure you don't this particular tent. It smelled like old ketchup; yuck!
"Was not delivered what I was expecting. Rather than the ubiquitous brands and logos we're so accustomed to that were suggested by the photos, I received a few neat ones and the rest, childish arbitrary monsters."
"I wanted to give this as a nice birthday gift but the first one I received looked like it had already been returned as defective (it was taped up with packing tape) and sure enough, after testing with multiple sets of brand new batteries, it didn't work at all.<br /><br />So I ordered a replacement which was delivered a few days later (today) and.... It doesn't work either.<br /><br />Very disappointing. Now I have to go through the hassle of returning two defective items because I'm not going to gamble on a third one. And meanwhile, I'm left with no gift for a birthday party this weekend.... Mehhh. Buyer beware."
Shows photo of all dolls but you only get one random one. My daughter was very upset. Should be more clear.
Grandkids popped it right away!
Impossible to connect to crib.  poor design.  expensive for what it is.
Would not recommend this Hot Wheels set. My so loves Hot Wheels and had wanted this set for a while. It was very disappointing. The set is small and falls over constantly. The car it came with did not change color.
Advice-<br /><br />Put it together with super glue!!  I hate that every time my daughter wants to move it it something breaks off.<br /><br />Other then that she loves it.
I have to send it back because it's interior pack was torn.
It only has 38 pencils in it!!!!! I am very disappointed!!
"These are LOZ brand, but NOT NANOBLOCKS"
Got a pack of one instead of the pack of two that I ordered...
Just received these an hour ago and they already falling apart.
This product looks like a great interactive activity for children interested in nature and dinosaurs. Unfortunately after 3 days the plant will develop mold and a horrible odor. With Amazon's return or replace rules it nearly impossible to have this item replace once put together and to put the icing on the cake you were now faced with the result that you sent $17/18 for mold. Hopefully our kit was just a vad one because we followed all instructions and now are left without any good results.
Not smooth
This was the most ridiculous product I ever bought. Must read reviews before purchasing. Nothing works I've spent days trying to get it to work. Bits and pieces will work but only occasionally.
Too expensive and when I go to return they want to charge $6 shipping
Horrible. Don't waste your money
It broke after the first day
Poor value. One package of 5 sheets. Tissue paper looks fine but it is a rip off. Was not clear in the item description.
No English instructions. Instructions are not available online. :-( useless.
"I have been in AA recovery for 11 years now & was looking for a way to show off my medallions as I am proud of what I have accomplished & want to be an inspiration to others if I can.  I thought a necklace where the medallion can be changed each year would be perfect.  It is still a good idea, but this is NOT the necklace to buy.  The hoop unscrews from the chain & the medallion is inserted into the hoop which then does not close all the way, making it impossible to screw the chain back onto the hoop.  The chain can be screwed back onto one side of the closing, but it is likely that eventually the medallion will fall out.  After all I've gone through to achieve 11 years of sobriety, the last thing I want is to lose my token of that time.  There must be better alternatives elsewhere, but don't waste your money on this one."
These were very small and we're not impressive at all when broken open.
"Was excited and happy with this purchase at first.  Was a little challenging to inflate but my 2 year old seemed to really enjoy.  I hooked up the hose and just had the water spray on very low and that seemed fun.  The bottom of the pool was pretty slippery, not sure if that is just the nature of all pools made of this material.  But i went to let the water out of the pool using the bottom release valve for the first time and the valve complete ripped just when opening it. Very cheap, returning."
"Not even worth one star! Action figures had poor quality paint job, overspray present. Joints were stationary and did not move. Highly dissatisfied. Then had to pay 25 dollars for return."
Only came with half of what you need to build the picture
I bought this for my nephew who is 6 years old. At first he was so excited to play with it but then when he tried to pull the trigger the nerf bullets got stuck. It was hard for him to cock the gun. His dad had to help him with it everytime. We decided to return it because it was not worth it to keep it.
Horrible!
"These are really quite terrible. As an adult, I had a hard time getting the stamp to appear clearly. You have to be incredibly precise in pressing down and gently rotating the marker. This meant my toddler had no hope of seeing that star she desperately wanted. These are getting tossed."
I thought this was so cute. Until we put it together. It was very unsteady and i decided to take it back the same day. I don't recommend this to anyone. Way to much money for something like this.
"No instructions, came in a very beat up box and surprise did not work at all. I had to send it back. Buyer beware not a good item at all."
Great for the price!
Very thin. Tore before we even made it to my daughters play. And we bought it big so the seems would be stressed...
Trying to put this together was quite the mess. The instructions are not detailed at all. They show a list of parts (many of which look very similar) and the a picture of what they look like put together. It's not always clear how they were put together. The clips do not attach securely at all and the finished product tends to fall apart if you breathe on it wrong.  *This product was received in exchange for an honest review*
"This is a very small 6 channel heli , and is very fragile, Even minor crashes caused the canopy to fall off every time. It’s held on by tiny magnets. Even after adjusting the trim the copter had a mind of its own, not responding to the controller for some reason it flew in the opposite direction, for example if I wanted it to move forward, it would bank left or right, and crash. For a 6 channel helicopter there are much better less expensive toy copters out there. So glad  I returned it."
"You get what you pay for here.  Do not but this item, had it installed and it is not straight as can be seen from the pic. Will be buying a new faucet."
Extra large and soft huh... That is a straight up lie. It is a flexible plastic and very small.... Not at all what I expected.... I'm extremely disappointed.
"I am so frustrated with this product. I think I got a lemon. Quite literally, every time the ball hits the rim, the rim falls off. Hoping I can still return it."
This car doesn't come in the color u pick it is way smaller than what it says and it is really Flimsy and breaks easily
This gun sucks so much right when i got it when i cocked it it didn't shoot sucks don't get it its a waste of your money!
This is a scam as it is not a minion blind box which run for around $7-9 at local stores.  Instead it is just a blind bag which are simply $2.99.
"Very disappointed.  The screen is so reflective that in many lighting conditions it's hard to completely see the numbers and grid.  Under optimum conditions, the lines delineating the nine squares from the other vertical and horizontal lines may take time to recognize.  The numbers 5 and 6 as well as 8 and 9 are too frequently hard to identify immediately.  Sudoku under these circumstances isn't an enjoyable, relaxing pastime but a major irritation - and I paid for this &#34;privilege&#34; which is most irritating of all."
These swings somehow rip my childrens shirts at the waist. I'm not wasting any more clothes they are going in the garbage today!
"This is slow, low power and doesn't produce much bubbles.  The little $10 kid machines work better even though they only take batteries"
"Nothing to like here. I mean the canopy fit is nice and you can model the tail wheel closed (the instructions don't list the part, but it's on the sprue), but that's about it. The assemblies were boring, the intake on the belly looks disgusting and in my opinion shouldn't have a seperate piece for the lip itself, the instructions are vague and not once is the right side of the plane shown anywhere in them or on the box, they're full of errors, and the nose decal is the worst I've worked with. Looks like garbage even after hours of work. It's presentable now, sort of, but wretched compared to all my other finished kits, save maybe my very first plastic kit I ever made, an Airfix B-25. And that thing, while trashy, was a product of poor workmanship on my part. I am not nearly the same modeler now as I was when I ruined that B-25, so that makes this decal situation that much more baffling. Was it even made for this plane?!? I'm sorry I can get all the seams fit super tight, I know Revell kits weren't designed with that in mind, but it almost seems as if the nose decal was designed to fit around a wider, poorly assembled fuselage instead of a streamlined, tight fitting one. Granted, I didn't have much heart in this build, P-51's don't interest me so much for whatever reason. More of a build I did just to have a Mustang in the WWII collection really. I actually much prefered the P-40B kit, which is not a compliment in any sense. If you don't want a polished kit with a presentable outcome, this kit would be fine. Beginners, a history enthusiast with no serious interest in scale models, kids, gifts to vets... All things this kit is good for. But if you want a pleasant build where you can focus on the subject matter and produce a quality piece of craftsmanship at the end of it, you can do far better. I generally like Revell, some of their kits are fun just to fix up! But this adds yet another strike to my opinion of their pricepoint molds and the company in general. Revampthese molds and up the overall quality of the product please! Obviously you get what you pay for if you take advantage of Revell's significant catalogue of iconic war planes."
Worst thing ever. must spend years to learn it.
bad instructions and missing parts.
Purchased for my grandaughter for our pool.  I filled it up with air and by morning the air was all out.  Hopefully it is just a lemon.
Much smaller than expected. The picture makes it look bigger. Still useful for the beach and I still enjoy the look of melissa and doug toys so that why you get 2<br />Instead of 1 star.
"Misleading.  Listing is for only one shovel,  not three shovels.  This is not made clear anywhere in this listing."
ZERO star if I could. I started filling this and right out of the gate it gets a break in the bottom about 2-3 inches long. I managed to patch it with E6000 and clear gorilla tape. Second split happened just as it got full on the other side of the pool and is about 5-6 inches long and went as far as to tear into the bottom material as well. This one is not fixable as it goes from a vertical to a horizontal tear creating a opening that expands to much to hold a seal with the same patch method. Oh did I mention this was the first time filling it up on the first day we got it. Please ignore the other reviews that give it a good review. It is not worth your time and the crying and yelling that will go on when you tell your kids they can not play in the pool after they got all excited.
Don't like it
The center rotating piece was broken  after two months. My boy cried and it  was beyond repair. Lesson learned: Buy a quality product as a birthday present.
It was all mest up when i got this. I tried emailing i tried everything but no answer
"This was a rip off. Look elsewhere, way to overpriced."
I ordered this item and only received 2 monkeys. The bag the monkeys were in was opened on one side.
It broke the first day my nephew used it
It arrived on time!!.. But the whole figure looks awful!!! The paint is all messed up and I can see a finger print on her cape!...  Don't buy this product! Not recommended for WoW fans!
"Bought this as a huge fan of Stargate SG-1, and found that it was missing two pieces."
Do not buy.  This product shouldn't be sold. Read the reviews - the technology is so poor that it cannot recognize any variance voice which for a child is totally impractical.
"I want to preface my review by saying game opinions are based on each person's enjoyment. You might love this game, I personally do not.  The game components are top notch, the art is simple and the concept isn't hard to pick up.  I have played the base game once and played another game using the expansion. Each time my frustration has been the same. The first 15 minutes you are excited to roll dice and you collect the currency and buy cards. You spend a lot of time waiting to hit the numbers you need and observe as the person with the red cards steals from everyone and you eventually lose.  I don't need to play this ever again. I will choose Catan over this game any day. Similar mechanics and concept.  I know a lot of people who love this game, I encourage you to play a demo before you invest."
Broke the first time it was used.
we always have to shake it to work. The light always flickers and doesn't stay on.
"Description incorrect. This is a Chinese-made counterfeit cast in zinc. It is NOT iron, it is NOT licensed, it is NOT struck on steel dies. This is a fake. Do not buy."
this game is selling for 4 times what it is worth! Try risk instead.
"The sword is exactly as pictured, but it is made from extremely lightweight wood or some sort of styrofoam. It wobbles and bows just being held out straight and seems like it will snap with the slightest provocation. It is is flimsy and far too delicate for a cosplay prop or a toy.<br />Edit: it knocked lightly against the floor ans one of the prongs snapped off. Absolute piece of junk. I regret the purchase."
Very disappointing. Heard it was a great quadrocopter. The battery was missing with the package.
The guitars deflated maybe and hour after you blew them up. Not a good product. Waist of money.
These do not fit the my emaxx about a inch to short terrible description
did not work.  attempted to fill and it did nothing but spray all the water out all over the ground once they started dropping off.
product good delivery on time
Cheaply made and a poor value.
Returned.  Broke almost immediately.
Very unhappy. Description made it sound like regular sized dolls especially at that price. Absolutely outrageous!!!! DO NOT BUY THIS
"Bought this puzzle for my wife while out of town, I get a text saying a soup can puzzle was in the box. Very frustrated!"
disappoint legs don't move
"disappointed too, they are so tiny and look cheap, low quality. Kids may excited but throw them later,cause the quality of plastic is very poor. all can't be used."
"I, too, did not get what i paid for. It was supposed to be new and the sticker on the back of the box said Like New, whIch it wasn't. Plus it was not the picture of what had been shown and the box was green."
"These toys didn't even make it 48 hours with us before half of the arms and legs had popped off. Kids can be rough with toys, this is I know. But other than dollar store toys I have never had anything fall apart so quickly. Not impressed. So we had our TMNT for about a day and a half and now we have none."
Her hair is a mess and she is freaky
"$75?! I understand they are loder and hard to come by, but come on! its a toy for crying out loud!"
Doesn't Glow in the dark.
It arrived missing pieces and I had to find an alternative gift for my grandchild
"Giving this a 1/5 because of breaking plastic connector parts. In just a couple of weeks, a few of the tight-fitting plastic joints broke apart, which makes it hard to play with and actually transform the toy. This is also fairly complex to transform for young children, but doable. (3-4 years old). I hope Hasbro will adjust their manufacturing process to make these parts break apart less easily."
Arrived and works well but very heavy bc its made out of rubber....like your car tires. For adults and not small kids
Does not charge Note 4 phones or tablets consistently.
Very bad mic inside not at all clear very dissatisfied
"Horrible replacement... weak aluminum, and rounded out quick."
Not made very well.
Was stained!
It didn't meet my expectations. I would like to return it
My son loves it BUT it's already falling apart and it's not even 2 weeks old. The THIN tires are getting holes and the battery won't stay connected.  Plus it just feels really cheap and is going to fall apart.  We had a fisher price corvette for a year and didn't have any of these problems we are having.  Plus there is a white powder coming from the battery. It's in the car where the battery goes and on the shelf where the battery sits to charge.
"The pic shows both kinds of food, but I ordered 4 and they all came with green veggies. My daughter wants the banana-apple kind too, but there isn't any."
Retainer does not fit the Hero4 and scratched up my new GoPro trying to figure it out. Turns out aluminum may not be the best material. As mentioned screws are of a different size than the mfg. I think this is only a problem because the designer could have thought of this and saved everyone a small headache.<br /><br />Did not fit. Had to tape my camera to gimble to get through shoot. Screws were too short even if I had been able to get the retainer to get around my camera. Just plain disappointed.
the planchette was too heavy the board only worked using a shot glass instead.
"Broke the first day she opened it, I asked to send it back and needed another box and missed the deadline to get it in the mail so now my daughters only gift is trash.  Can't get any sound or picture....just a blank screen!  This was a bad purchase.  Spend your money wisely, invest in a little better quality especially if your child has their heart set on a karaoke...  My daughters heart is broken!   Biggest piece of junk I have ever purchased!  It was my daughters only christmas gift and it never worked!!!  Junk!!!"
"The box, and the item description say classic game. NO WHERE  does it say this remake of the classic has been GREATLY downsized, and there is  NO warning to buyer. This version is probably 50% smaller than original size.It looks and performs fine, BUT Really dislike being tricked."
"If I could give 0 stars I would. Box arrived ripped and scotch taped closed, pencils were obviously used, one tip was completely broken off, and 1 pencil was missing."
I didn't get the right one.
"I ordered two dozen. I received two differently made kind, one dozen one way and one dozen another...meaning one dozen was poorer quality than the other. I was so bummed but there wasn't time to return them."
"Not to sturdy , we've had over 10 holes already , very poor quality . Would not recommend this to anyone."
"Just be sure you don't loose any parts, while FoF says they will replace smaller parts, this is not exactly true. One of the small detail discs on the side of the command pod fell off and disappeared.  FoF will not do anything to replace it. Needless to say,  I'm unimpressed."
Some of the cutouts were not of aviation. They were not anything..just squares or weird shaped. My son was disappointed. Would not recommend.
This battery sucks it exploded after about 6 charges and I did everything right to charge it
"I received my batteries yesterday. One of the six had a loose ground, so that's one down. None of the included batteries would charge on the six bay charger they came with! I inspected my five remaining batteries this morning and two of them had vented. Don't buy this product; they are garbage and, frankly, a hazard"
"Fell apart with one wear,  all stitches came out.  Happened with both ties.."
Too small not at all like the picture
"Absolute Garbage!  I was shocked to find out there was a 20% restocking fee from the seller if I want to return it, so I will have to keep this garbage toy! Just a piece of junk, it doesn't even close or open properly, very flimsy handle as well.  FOA should pull this manufacturer and supplier. Expected much better for the price that I paid! Packaging was ridiculous too, just thrown into a box, and there were finger prints all over it!"
We bought this for my nephew with autism. His brother had lost Leonardo from his current set; so he would no longer play with his favorite toys because they were not a complete set. The package came with two Michaelangelo figures and was missing Leonardo.
"I will say not bad looking. That's where the good part stops. Right out of the shipping box the, helicopter's box looked like it had been on a shelf for a few years. That's judging from the amount of dust stuck to it with all the fingerprints in the dust. when I pulled it out the front LED light was missing. I know the description said it was new. That must mean never opened. This thing does great as far as taking off and going straight up. The flight stick spins the body in circles both directions. The forward and back movements are to make you feel good about yourself as they don't work at all. All but 3 buttons on the controller are decorations. I think I'll have to wait for a windy day so I can see what it will look flying in which ever direction it's blowing that day."
I'm a collecter of pop dolls and when I received this doll the box was all damaged now as a perfectionist i want these boxes tip top. So when I received this I was shocked one corner was crumpled to an extreme as I studied it more I realized there was rips in the box which I was very disappointed about. You can tell this was opened very violently because the top flap was ripped so was the bottom. The box is  ripped the figure was poorly kept as for my expectation. The image looked amazing which I thought it would be but sadly it wasn't. So before you buy this item make sure you read the reviews cause I didn't and I sure do regret it.
I was the most disappointed customer because when I opened it the head lights in the back did not work and the range for the antenna was about 2 feet and after that it didn't want to reverse and then it didn't want to work at all I didn't even bother too contact the seller because I was so mad
very small game for little children
The music stopped playing in about a month and the dress was falling apart in just a few hrs of play.
"This deck is out of date and isn't even close to the price the only H.A.T deck being played right now is Hands,Aquaactress,Traptrix"
It came with a leg broken
"Warning: I contacted Learning Resources to inquire about BPA in this product.  The company could not tell me that the plastic food was BPA free. Pretend food ends up in children's mouths.  While cute, I care more about my child's safety,and I will no longer use this product."
"This game arrived in a perfectly good box, but was smashed and broken after I opened the outer box. That tells me it was shipped this way knowingly. I am bummed and frustrated."
"The description of the bag was great and my son was extremely excited to have this for school. Even though I thought it was overpriced,  I  couldn't turn him down.<br />When the item arrived,  not only was it smaller<br />than described,  but the word ' GRYFFINDOR ' was on UPSIDE.DOWN. Really??????"
Not good quality at all. Didn't last more than 3 wearings.
The spoke for the wheel is bent and is very hard to put in
it couldn't be any smaller
These broke within one day of receiving them and being played with exactly as they should be by a 4 and a 7 year old. What a bummer
do not buy this.  it is terrible. no one much less a 3 year old can make noise out of it. I'd return it if amazon would let me
"Bean bags are so light weight that it's hard for any aged child to hit the target. Unlike other Melissa and Doug products, I would not recommnend this ."
"Very disappointed!  Ordered these for my daughter's first birthday party, her theme is kittens and puppies! Received my order today, there were 5 balloons, but they all had puppies, no kittens! Balloons seem to be good quality.  Called and emailed Michelle today, we'll see if this gets resolved.  Will write an update in a few days."
"My baby has only been playing with them for 3 days & already all the paint has chipped off! The pictures are fading & the wood has splintered! Cheap & extremely dangerous! I assume the paint is non toxic but even so, if its comes off so easily, no parent wants this in their child's ear, nose or throat. Do not buy!"
Poor quality. ONLY made a few seasons. I will NOT purchase Banzai again.  For as much money as they are worth I would rather save money and buy a ticket to Disney World.
The pens are hard to open and they break apart easily.
The pegs don't fit in the holes. Luckily I had lots of pegs and purchased mostly for the mat or I would be returning. Anyone need a bag of pegs?
Very disappointed in this raft for my pool.  Will not stay inflated and couldn't even use it.  Would never buy another one
Cheap and doesn't &#34;slingshot&#34; at all (unless you just throw it across the room).
bad
Too expensive and when I go to return it they want to charge $6
Had it up 1 day and the sides started rolling over. Had it up for 2 days and the bottom split
Lights do not work
"Bad craftsman shop, poor finish! A complete dissapointment"
It's junk and it's the most annoying toy I've ever bought.
useless
"Everything is wrong on these listings. I pre-ordered for Brotherhood of Steel to make sure I got one before it sold out..ended up getting the Deathclaw instead. Then, the listing changed to Supermutant and then back to Brotherhood. Now, BOS is sold out. : (  Moral of the story, who knows which figure you will get if you order any of the Fallout figures?"
This cheaply made toy does not print out real money. The black rollers is made out of tarp to kill weeds in your outdoor lawn. This item is a total scam and it sucks. DON'T!!! Waste your money on this bullcrap effort. Even as a novelty joke trick that's also a total fake as well.
"I'm deeply disappointed by this tunnel. When we recieved it on Monday (today is friday), I was impressed with the size and length. However, my thoughts have changed dramatically. While the over all size and length are grwat, the quality is poor. 3 of the seams that connect the colors together have already come apart. Not torn but pulled apart and the wire has come out of one end. I'd expect that after weeks or even months of heavy use but 5 days of barely being crawled through. I guess duck tape to the resuce."
Don't do it...buy a razor.. The thing is too stiff for my kids to turn
If you want glow in the dark don't by these. They don't glow!
"Bath crayons are just an all around bad idea.  Too hard to clean - who has the time to scrub the tub while getting a child out of the water, changed, and ready for bed?"
Doesn't look the same and it's smaller than 120 cm 🚮🚮
"One of the cells performs worse than the other 2, never reaching 4V during charging while the others go all the way to 4.15 during balance charge."
"Sold as used, but package was completely folded up and looked like it went through a washing machine."
Description incorrect. This is a Chinese-made counterfeit cast in zinc. NOT iron. NOT licensed. NOT struck on steel dies.
The rings and cupcake sticks were all marked up with black scuffs..not impressed!
SAVE YOUR MONEY! SKIP THIS ITEM.
Its a toy that's going to a kid! why is it $100?!
The brass colored pieces were all dis colored from rust. Really cheap and embarrassed to have given this as a gift before seeing the  rusted game pieces. Don't buy.
Would not program with either computer or cell phone as advertised.  Horizon replaced unit and it too did not program.
"The Piccolo action figure I received is not a Bandai Original figure, there is no Bandai logo on it, but on the other figures I’ve bought you can see it under the base, as well as the serial number next to it.<br /><br />Piccolo's base stand just says Made in China.<br />Also, the Piccolo's figure stands poorly on his base, unbalanced and it doesn’t fit properly."
"It was the worst item I have ever purchased for my RC car. No matter what I tried, loctite, silicone, and just plain over tightening, it still loosened up and nearly fell off the truck after about 10 minutes of run time. It looks and sounds great, but it just won't stay on the truck. Don't waste your money like I did."
Doesn't work at all.  Even a little.  Can't believe they were able to get it to work long enough to show the demo.
small
"Bin itself was fine, but before I ordered I specifically asked the seller if it would fit 2015 McDonald's happy meal minion toys. I was told it would indeed fit the toys and this is clearly not the case. Have no real use for this bin."
Very Delicate. Didn't last more than a week. You could probably make one yourself very easily with a Styrofoam from home depot.
"I ordered a speedometer cable. The item pictured is a speedometer cable. The envelope I received is labeled as a speedometer cable, but the item I received is clearly a throttle cable."
it broke 2 minutes after I took it out of the box as my 8mo old little girl picked it up and dropped it. save the $5 for a happy meal
Dress was cheaply made riped on side as soon as my grand daughter wore it not happy
It worked one time and then stopped working. I used the correct level and kind of bubble stuff and it struggles to make any bubbles.
Not what we thought it would be but my kid still used it.
Cheap and child broke it within one day.
"Most of the good reviews of this product are because they got it for free in exchange for an 'unbiased review'.<br /><br />But I'm here to tell you that the product is a piece of crap. I was really hopeful for this RC car to test out a really cool project I'm working on for school. Amazon sent me an email saying the product was delivered and I couldn't wait the rest of the day to get home and try it.<br /><br />First awful thing was the packaging. All of the zip ties securing the thing down were broken and it was most definitely thrown around during shipping. No big deal right? Well maybe, this thing was made to handle a beating, so I was hopeful that it would be fine.<br /><br />It didn't come with AA batteries but I was too anxious to try it out on my own, so I scavenged some batteries from an old quadcopter remote control I had lying around and turned the thing on. The thing wouldn't move at all! I flipped the channels around and tried again and still nothing.<br /><br />I later discovered that the steering worked and If I gave the thing a little push it would crawl forward at maybe 1mph. If I tried to change directions or turn during this the whole thing would stop working again until I gave it another push.<br /><br />Now, I know what your thinking &#34;Hey, those were old batteries, go get some new ones and try again.&#34; - Yeah, I know, It still didn't work. I went to target and bought some Duracell AA batteries in a 24 pack (A fairly good deal for $15 but now they're all going to waste). I put in the new batteries, and guess what? Same results. The thing only moves with a push.<br /><br />So normally during this point I will go to amazon and get an exchange. Because all the reviews are decent. But with the packaging, the build quality, and my experience I'm just going to get a refund. On top of that all the 5 star reviews are 'unbiased vine reviews for a free product'.<br /><br />I could rave on about the terrible build quality, but I'm going to stop here."
Seam broke within 5 minutes
"Has no relevance to the show, TVD. I thought the game was going to have trivia cards--it doesn't, so that was a big dissapointment. When I played the game it just went in a circle and was not enjoyable."
Quit working motor stopped. Won't replace
NOT Good at all
Came obviously damaged with the drawing scraped off.  I didn't even have to open it to see that.  Why would you even bother to such an obviously defective toy?
Three out of four broke first time played with 👎
"The doll's outfit is really adorable, however after opening the umbrella once one of the ribs broke.  Very poorly made."
My mother purchased these for my son. One came without his weapon and the rest broke within 24hrs! It's difficult to explain to a 4 year old why his new toys keep breaking! Worst toys we've ever purchased in amazon!
I ordered this but couldn't build it because it was missing a piece
This game arrived in a perfectly good box. However after opening the box. The game was smashed and crushed. The box is completely dented and the Plastic card holder inside is crushed. This tells me that it was placed in the box in that undesirable way. I guess it fits its title &#34;Smash Up&#34;. Bummed and frustrated!
"I was so excited when I bought this guitar for my 4 year old. She wanted one so bad for her birthday. This guitar is really cheap, not even my 22 month old daughter likes it. 😕"
I ordered this when the tagline and image showed 'Deathclaw'<br /><br />I received a Brotherhood of Steel figurine which i did not order or want.<br /><br />I'm sure it was some kind of stocking mistake but that doesnt change that i now have to order what i actually wanted again and hope that it doesn't get messed up as well.
Ear foam covers fell off within first 6 hours of owning them. SUPER hard to get back on and then they fall off again.
"Cute,  but broken when I received it. Says it suppose to makes sounds when the wand is waved & the one I received makes no noise at all"
3 days after we used it the ladder part got a hope in it
This had a hole in it before we even used it.
i received my parrot today i am verry dissapointed u can barly hear the parrot it has to close to you i bought one two years ago it was nice n loudi will return it n try another wholesaler first one i got last week dident work at all
"We got 2 of these and the paint wasnt dry, amazon kindly re shipped and they were the same way.<br /><br />Buyer beware"
Not for iPhone 5 :( too bad that I have to return this
Super flimsy and HORRIBLE to put together!!
Just Terrible.  Extremely cheap.  Very disappointed.  A great idea for a toy but poorly executed.
This lady looks like a crackhead from the suburbs. Definitely not Buffy!
Horrible! Put it in the water! Never worked! Not even a 1
"My kids played with this for less than a week and one of the wires came out. I'm returning it, which is disappointing because my kids were having so much fun with it."
These cards sink and when they sank and we picked them up with our feet the cards ink scratched off  against the pools bottom. Also when I took my nail and gently scratched the card the ink came off. So these cards would be nice if they didn't get ruined the first time I used them. And would be nice if they flouted.<br />.
When I received it it was cracked when we pushed button it leaked not impressed at all
They are poorly made and definitely not worth the price. I had to resew and reglue before I could use them. I would absolutely not recommend this item to anyone!!
Broke a week after having it. Didn't even get to show my son the fan.
I bought 2 of them and was not impressed with them at all it took 10 years to charge and lasted like 20 minutes. I will stick with venom battery's they are way better and never let me down.
REPEAT…NO PRODUCT…not too impressed with the &#34;guaranteed&#34; delivery.
I fill cheated I didn't even get a full beyblade I'm missing the spin track
"terrible, slow, frustrating to use, and incredibly outdated toy.  This would be a great &#34;technology toy&#34; for a kid...in 1995  This was a present and sat wrapped for about 9 months.  When I opened it, the power button s broke within 2 uses.  I emailed the company who told me it has a 1 year warranty, i.e. too bad, not their problem"
2 batmans no superman no masks. Was a very disappointing gift for kiddo!!!
"The picture on the web site is a lot different than the actual puzzle which is much, much darker..  The pieces are all odd and crazy shapes which I do not like.  Most of the border pieces are the same color which in combination with the shapes makes for an extremely difficult puzzle.  It's not the kind of puzzle I like to put together."
I can't even get the battery cover to come off to test it.  The directions are in Chinese and Amazon customer recommendations to just press on the arrow in the opposite direction and  it should &#34;just slide off&#34; don't work.  It doesn't budge.
"Extremely disappointed, this product sucks, the figures can barely move and their limbs and faces and hair pieces always fall off, I'm very mad at myself for buying this product, DO NOT GET!"
1 star for fake reviews. Picture shows Deans connector - description says XT60?
"Fairly easy to assemble but fabric started to mold and discolor within first week of use. Also, when you fully recline, the bar digs into your lower back."
Don't buy this. It's a waste the go back button freezes and u will be stuck at 1 page for long. It's boring for my son who is used to my I pad and he is just 2.
"If this is &#34;random&#34; I should have played the lottery - of the 4 figures I received, I received two duplicate sets of 2 - the odds of that happening, if my statistics is right is 1 in 512 or just under .2%"
"Like others, inflated it and within a few hours it developed a hole.  Indoors, on carpet, and only inflated to about 24&#34; diameter, just to be careful.  Very expensive for something that lasts such a short time.  Repaired the hole with super glue, we'll see how long it lasts.  It does glow in the dark though."
"These paints stain and ruin clothes, DO NOT BUY!!!!!"
"This are NOT ORIGINAL DJI PROPELLER. They Do not come in the original DJI package and the color is different. You can see the DJI logo in the original propellers , this ones have a &#34;O-XOXO&#34; logo. I bought 8 pairs of propellers,THIS IS A SWINDLE!!!"
"Broke the first time it was ever used: my super-slim 5yo jumped on it, and he wasn't even bouncing particularly energetically.  Rubbish."
We got 24 but we received multiples of the same color. Very disappointed that it was not as advertised.
What are these other reviewers smoking? These are cheap knockoff figures from China. The plastic is cheap and the quality is nowhere near that of Lego's. I hope Lego starts to crack down on these knockoff brands.
This is not for the syma x8c !!!
Just received item today and the sound has already stopped working!
"The item was great the first time , but ended up not being able to connect to the helicopter after the first try."
"WHY DID i NOT READ THE REVIEWS PRIOR TO PURCHASING? The random pieces are ALL very tiny, very hard to build anything with these &#34;random&#34;. I was expecting at least a mixture of flat, non flat, large, and small pieces. So immediately I wanted to return and the shipping label is half of the cost.... Don't waste your time go to the LEGO store where you can selective your random pieces yourself for $8.99"
"Not happy with product, you can't ride on it bought for godson who is 3 and I have to hold it down , thought he was to small but other family members tried"
"They looked cute in the picture, but since they were never delivered I can't tell you for sure."
"This is not a regulation sized set - it is for children - cheap plastic balls, not at all what I was looking for.  Too late to return according to this site.  This was a waste of money!"
Doesn't look like Elsa and doesn't change colors.
"I hate writing bad reviews. I really do hate it. I was super excited about trying this product. We came across the kinetic sand at Lakeshore and my Autistic son fell right in love with it. But it just was out of my price range. I went home and searched Amazon. And thought ok I will give this a try. I should have listened to the other reviewers. This product was hard like when brown sugar gets hard but a bit harder. Both packages, I bought two of these came that way. And the shipping weight on here says a pound. This is nowhere near a pound. The two I bought together might have been a pound. But one is not a pound. So I mashed it and mashed it till I could get most the clumps out of it. And I had bought an add on same brand I think. Just a bigger box and it was not hard like this. I should have bought two of those add ons and could kick myself. Because these ones were a complete joke. So I mixed it with that to give it more moisture. And it started taking on the appearance of a kinetic type sand. It is soft enough to where my son will now play with it. before he would not touch it because it was too hard. And I bought this for his sensory table. So it is irritating. With it all added up I could have just bought the real thing. But I thought I was getting more and a better deal. Lesson learned. Just stick to name brands with certain things. I wanted that kinetic sand sensory experience for him. I should have not went cheap. In fact, I could have made my own with sand and baby oil for cheaper. Oh and the smell. I may have to toss this all in the end. It has a bad smell. And he keeps frowning. If he ends up not using it based off of the smell alone due to his Autism. I just wasted money for sure. If you have a special needs child DO NOT BUY THIS. just get the real stuff or make your own so it smells good. The name brand never smelled like this though."
"My  8 year old grandson visited me with this toy.As he was playing, he hurt his thumb with the heavy ball as it dropped down. I can only imagine a child getting hit in the face with the ball as they toss it up, or even worse, breaking a tooth. This toy is DANGEROUS."
"My kids were so excited to get these shoe charms for their crocs before our trip to Florida.  Within the first day they had already fallen off or the characters had completely torn off.  Every charm they tried to wear, was torn or fell off by the end of the day.  Maybe these would be okay on the bracelets, but are horrible shoe charms.  They ended up just buying jibbitz in Orlando."
"I gave it one start because we got one day out of it before it crashed and broke. The directions were written with some sort of translator because you can scarcely understand their intent because of the word order and typos. Anyway,  I ordered the Canopy 2-Year Toys Accidental Protection Plan ($50-$75) , we'll see if it is worth it's salt. My 9 year old is bummed. This was a birthday present."
"Avoid this item -- it's a very poor design! And worse, if you don't follow the instructions you will almost certainly strip the threads where the only screw included is supposed to go.  Sadly, this product COMES WITHOUT ANY INSTRUCTIONS -- and doesn't even inform you that they exist or even that they have a website.  They do:  &#60;http://www.step2.com/p/Play-Shade-Pool&#62;.  And on the website (but not with the package) it says &#34;Most of our assembly instructions are available in PDF format on our website.&#34;  I'm an engineer with a PhD and I couldn't figure out how to assemble it properly until I discovered how to get the instructions: http://images.step2.com/media/pdfs/716000_assembly.pdf  The instructions are primarily the usual pages of warnings not to do all the things only idiots would do.  The rest is a minimum of text and lots of obscure pictures.  Pictures #4 and #5 are critical -- make sure you understand them because if you don't you will probably strip the threads, a danger even if you do assemble it correctly (the plastic around the screw is extremely soft).  And by the way, when I tried to write a review for this product on their website, I couldn't change the pre-selected five-star rating, so I of course didn't leave the review.  Needless to say the reviews online (all 5-star) are not a fair sampling of opinion.  Disclaimer: we did not buy this product through Amazon."
"It was the worst item I have ever purchased for my RC car. No matter what I tried, loctite, silicone, and just plain over tightening, it still loosened up and nearly fell off the truck after about 10 minutes of run time. It looks and sounds great, but it just won't stay on the truck. Don't waste your money like I did."
The plane came broken as soon as I opened it. I tried to return it but only got half of my money back.
"The figures included in this set were the characters pictured, however, the quality was extremely poor. The paint job on each was careless and messy. Many of the figures couldn't stand up because they were misshapened. The bottom line is that they were produced to make a buck off of the minion craze. Save your bucks on this pack."
Not Worth The Risk. Props Aren't made for DJI Phantom 2 I used them on my stock setup expecting bigger thrust and higher maneuverability but I got the opposite. Descending was a major issue you practically couldn't Descend without the Phantom wobbling and being extremely unstable even while moving forwards or backwards to get out of your own turbulence. flew 3 times and the quad was less stable when it game to GPS Lock then my 4th flight as I was descending and moving forward the Quad went into a HUGE wobble and thankfully recovered only to be thrown into the ground from 60ft by the wobble reoccurring again at that point I let go of all controls and watch my Quad hit the asphalt. I will never use any carbon prop again. I should have listened to the other complaints from fellow pilots. DO NOT BUY
Returned chair!  Did not like the quality.
Would not go together ! I wish I would have never got it
"This is a horribly made toy.  It broke within 10 minutes of my son who is 9 playing with it.  The front axel and wheels don't turn right.  The bumper is falling off.  The body is aluminum the shell and bumpers are a cheap plastic.  If you are looking for a display item this would be perfect but don't take it out of its plastic air might destroy it.  If you are looking for a toy your child can hold and roll this way to expensive - cheaply made toy is not for you or your child. Disappointment will be the result, that sure was ours."
"I wish I could have given this a 5 star. But the 1 star ball I received wasn't in the normal box like the other two. it was in a little plastic container, as well the 1 star is off center. EDIT: Twice I have received this ball and twice has it been off center and in a flimsy little package. Attached are two pictures, 1 showing the correct package and 1 showing the 2 off center 1 star balls."
"Misleading instructions, there is no paint. Pieces are flemsy and the seller is a jerk. DO NOT BUY THIS THERE ARE SO MANY BETTER PRODUCT OUT THERE."
It will not stay on my ear! my ears arent BIG! so idk whats the issue??? any suggestions?....So far its been a WASTE of money!
Switch went bad in a week. No longer turns on. Absolutely waste.
"This is our 3rd generation of leapfrog games that we've purchased for our kids over the last 5 years, the first being an explorer. The older 2 games still work great and have held up, we just wanted the new bells and whistles! This version is a joke. Bought 2 as Christmas gifts, one lasted maybe a month, and I made sure my kids treated them carefully. It appeared to have a cracked screen -- just like some of the pictures posted by other reviewers. Not a kid tough toy at all. So I contacted leapfrog and they were helpful, to a degree. I received a new game and that one worked well for a couple of weeks then one day when my daughter went to play it it had a screen message to plug it in and connect to leapfrog connect. What the what?? I tried, I contacted LF, they told me to uninstall and reinstall etc etc. long story short wasted a lot of time trying to 'fix' the new one and now we have 2 pieces of expensive junk that don't work. I gave up trying. So don't waste your time. Oh we still do have the second one from Christmas, it mostly works ok I suppose. But it is slow, freezes frequently, and frankly the kids have forgotten about it because my younger one was so distraught that hers didn't work anymore but her older sisters did, that I took it out of circulation. Save your $ and yourself a major headache."
"Tiny, flimsy, fell apart right away."
down right rip off
range was about 8 ft. i know that it was cheap but not that cheap.
"Just ordered this same thing from Walmart.com, very pleased with products but paid $200 less."
Very cheap material. Could not get it to fly. Would not buy again.
"Smallest props that I have purchased via amazon. They are so small and cheap that I could never use them for any of my clients.  Buyer beware. If you own a photo booth, don't buy!"
"Not original! The proportions are all wrong, this is a cheap copy."
"I love Metal Earth models, I made almost 30 of them and I was never disappointed. When I got that Castle, I was surprised to find out that it was not Metal Earth. Still, I started the assembly. It was a mistake. The quality of metal is just bad. Not always, but in some cases when you try to bend the tab it simply falls apart at the first touch (with Metal Earth models sometimes I was making mistakes, and it was not a problem, I was always able to twist the tabs back, remove the detail and attach it again correctly, I even made the rule - always to twist in the same direction so it would not be a problem to re-attach). One balcony lost half the railings when I just touched it with a finger while it was still on a metal sheet. The third of angle pieces on the roofs were gone when I just tried to insert tabs near them. If I would order that thing as my first Metal Earth model, I would never buy another.<br />The links on package and instructions set point to the website of that fake maker, without any 3D picture (which is available on Fascinations.com).<br />What I noticed: that was the first item that was delivered to me from China, not from US. I also ordered Sydney Opera house, it was also sent from China - and it is not Metal Earth as well (I did not open it yet)."
"I, too, hardly ever write product reviews, but this one was so bad and disappointing that I couldn't resist.  Wife bought this as a surprise gift for our granddaughter. A surprise is exactly what she got. Two words - it sucks.  Paid $7, which was $7 too much. The box and documents say it spins for a long time, but wouldn't spin, let alone stay spinning, for spit. Paints are too messy, as is the inside of the box after a couple of uses. Paints should be vegetable based so they wash off hands and out of clothes easier.  I can't say enough bad things about this product. Worth much less than one star. Take this piece of advice - RUN AWAY AS FAST AS YOU CAN!  Do NOT buy this product!!!!!!!!!!"
parts were missing
"Poor directions and quality, Very disappointed and will not put this on my train layout."
"We got this for our son's 5th birthday (the package indicates it's for ages 5 and up). He is NOT a rough-and-tumble guy, and the tail still broke off the Dino after 2 days of play. My son playfully tugged on the tail, and it fell off and disintegrated into segments-- revealing that it had only been held onto the Dino by 4 loops of thin thread and some cheap plastic connectors. See my photo.<br /><br />I can't imagine what would happen if a child, say, threw the Dino across the room or pretended to have it &#34;fight&#34; another child's toy.<br /><br />The Dino's various tricks and habits are amusing, and in motion, it does look and sound like a real animal. But what's the point if it can't be played with? I'd save this for a teen robotics fan or an adult who mainly uses it as a desk toy at work."
too fuzzy dont work well at all
Broke within the first hour.
"It popped on the first day of use.  We kept it away from sharp objects, only inflated to a smaller amount than the 3 feet so it would have less chance of popping, and kept it out of the sun.  Very disappointed."
"the item is too expensive for the quality.  Something you could probably find in a $.99 cent store.  Also, there are not very many inserts for cards and the ones that are in the book are actually too small for regular Pokemon cards.  My granddaughter, whom it was purchased for is very unhappy with the item.  I did request to return it for a refund, but found that if I was to do so it was going to cost more than half the price paid for the item. Therefore, I decided to keep rather than hassle with return."
Product Description and box both state - real feel ball - NO BALL CAN IN BOX
Pulled on it a couple times and it broke. Very flimsy construction.
"this is terrible, I know it's cheap but it's just terrible. If you turning the wheels first vehicle will not go, and is very hard to make it go forward."
"Will NOT FIT IN A NERF GUN, almost A INCH WIDE, definitely returning, waste of my time"
Half of the cards were duplicated at least THREE times. NO RARES WHATSOEVER. Didn't even get the free cards the deal said I would.
Bad
I hate it
"Already sent the return request.<br />Wait almost 1 month for this package with high expectations. Totally disappointed after opening the box. It's actually 4x25 colors not 100 colors with some of the heads already broken. Hard to paint on paper even give big pressures. Every color has the color &#34;black&#34; inside. Pink is not pink but black+pink,yellow is black+yellow... Can't use them at all."
"Whenever this came in it didn't come in the box at all, and after having it for a couple hours it broke. Terrible product just save your money"
"I don't know how these kids are doing any of those tricks in the videos, pics, etc... Kids tried it out the first day and never picked this up again."
"I hate this!! Where on earth do these people get the idea this crap is invisible!!!&#62;&#62;&#62;????! It is a thick and black threat!!! what a waste of time and money, this product does not even deserve a star."
Cute graphics. Would not hold air. Valve is defective. Purchased for kids party<br />Disappointed
"I'd give a negative star for this if possible, didn't work when I gave to my daughter on christmas...never order from this company again"
Wheels came off during pull back action.  Very disappointed with the product.
"Outfit was way too small. Xs fit like a child Xs, not adult. I'm going to give it to my 8 year old daughter to wear for Halloween. Disappointed but too lazy to return."
The size was not given.  It was too large. I needed a 1/12 .  I sent it back.
"Purchased two. As in other comments, the colors are vibrant and durability appears adequate; but the viewing port is mostly blocked by the internal angled mirrors. Poor design and/or improper assembly. Returned immediately."
"Save your money, I broke the stock HD axles on my ecx brushless ruckus bought these and broke them in 2 days on a 2s lipo with punch turned to 2. Buy the Hot Racing sect288x06  axles from asap hobbies ebay store! They have excellent customer service a"
"I love cupcakes and bright colors, so this really broke my heart. I haven't had the patience to deal with putting it together. Many of the pieces are not completely cut through, and the cutting was done so poorly that you can't even separate them. When you are able to separate some pieces, there are naturally torn edges. I will return it."
"We bought two of these for my kids. With one of them, the zipper broke the first time we used it. I was not impressed."
Very disappointed. We got shorted a swimsuit bottom and the items we received are not the items shown in the ad. The tops and bottoms didn't match and 1 was extremely low cut in the front. Not happy about this purchase at all.
lasted for 1 day and then they died and no longer are working. Such a waste for $30 !!
"I have ordered many items from Amazon and have not given any reviews; however, this set is an exception.  This  train set does not deserve any star rating nor should it be sold at this ridiculous price.<br /><br />I received it today and had it set up for my 2 year old nephew.  This set is cheaply built, Thomas & the rest of the cars are very, very small and a disappointment overall.  Why many reviewers could rate so high is beyond me.<br /><br />Having it packed and returned."
Im only giving this 1 star because i have to. Only worked to play 2 games. Timer jammed and it quit working. Very disappointed it didn't even work long enough for my kids to get the hang of the game. Don't suggest spendin your money on this.
"I purchased this for a young guest who requested it and the awful voice NOISE from this &#34;thing&#34; made me want to throw it in the trash can...Luckily it's battery operated so yes, Furby somehow didn't work and we eventually got some peace. DON'T BUY THIS UNLESS YOU ARE REALLY VERY TOLERANT FOR A SOMEWHAT MALE VOICE TO BE LIVING WITH YOU AND YELLING GIBBERISH!"
"The color is not as shown here, much lighter.  Very easy to put together.  The battery does not hold charges, our son was on it for half an hour after overnight charged initially and it died.  Charged it over night again but the car will not turn on.  Nice looking ride on but will not buy this one again."
"I thought this was a real captured image, but it appears to be only creatively manufactured. Disappointing.  I don't recall reading anywhere (unless it was in fine print"
It would have been nice if the heart lit up with all three functions not just one.  Each of the functions are short and does not hold the child's attention for very long.
Not what was expected!!  Thought I was getting nine!!  Only got three.. Not good deal... Very misleading!!
"I bought this rock. Bad choice, this is an awful rock."
"I got this gun as a gift to myself . I thought it was a great gun with high rates of fire and nice feel<br />I was wrong. I was suprised when i went to go shoot it and the acceleration trigger did nothing. I changed the batteries and still nothing.<br />if you have this gun, enjoy it. I got a free hail-fire for my troubles."
"purchased for a gift, i took it out of the box and placed in the stand, it fell over and broke the bulb that contained the liquid. very disappointed."
This was not the product I wanted and I would like my money back
Would not buy again
Never recibed nothing....
Pretty basic plastic. Wonder if it would splinter in a bike crash. Not high quality.
These shocks aren't any better than factory
Didn't work - both tapes were dried up. I think it was old. But it was easy to return through prime.
There are 3 pins that keeps deflating
Just no... don't buy.
Track is flakey in staying connected.  As time goes on it gets worse until you don't know which track is not making a connection.  This is not what I remembered as a kid.
"FAKE FAKE FAKE, WRONG COLORS AND MESSED UP PAINT JOB....I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!"
There are much better card games. Uninspired adaptation of 6 Nimmt to the WD without any theme.
Had a hole in ballon (didn't discover until the day of the party when we took it out of the package to have blown up) disappointing
These suck broke after one day
Description clearly stated &#34;fully assembled&#34; yet it arrived in pieces.
it doesn't work
I paid for the Bloody Go-Go Yubari that was exclusive for EE. Instead I got the Regular Go-Go Yubari but it is labeled on the bottom tracking sticker placed on the box as &#34;Bloody&#34; Ugh so annoyed!!!
I ordered 2 of these and they both only lasted 1 day.  very disappointed
Cheap plastic
"Arrived damaged, unable to get replacement, time was a factor"
"This microphone is extremely flimsy and the top of the mic broke off the first hour my son was playing with it.  He still finds it entertaining (he's 4), but I wouldn't recommend this."
"Thought it would be a cool gift, but the kids really expect this boomerang to come back and it just doesn't!!! You have the throw it the right way and it kind of arches back towards you, but nowhere close!"
"poor quality, We placed the slip N slide in 4 different locations on two different lawns and did not work anywhere, I have just over 70psi  water and could not get more than a 3&#34; hi water curtain anywhere on the slide. at the end is supposed to be a water pool? and after 15 min it still wasn't filled.  I pulled out my 25year old slip n slide and it still works great. Was hoping for something a little more fun for the grandkids but not gonna happen.  VERY DISAPOINTED."
Ordered this in dark blue and was sent one with white front and red back.  Not what I wanted and am very disappointed.  For my 3 yr old nephews bday and have no time to send it back and get new one.
they make sounds ALL the time on their own if the pieces aren't in place... very annoying but my 8 month old still finds it entertaining so we are keeping it but we spend more time putting the pieces back in it to get it to shut up than she does playing with it
This new version of Clue is so complicated that most people I want to play with find it not fun at all.
Extremely cheap and bent out!!! Got them n the lenses were all popped out!!
"I don't know what's happening, I have a figma Mikasa, a figma levi and some others figma figures, the original one's, this item here, it's most definitely a BIG FAKE, i would like that everyone read this review, so you don't make the same mistake i did.<br /><br />-First of all, it didn't even came with the box.<br />-the paint job is horrible<br />-the articulations are NOT Figma-like, they broke way too easy<br /><br />now a more detailed view:<br /><br />-the hands are not the right ones, the ones that came with this figure are for levi (fingers)<br />-the 3D gear its just poorly made, with scratches<br />-this figure of Eren will never stand on his own (loosie articulations) not like the real figma<br />-and some other details that anyone can notice<br /><br />ATTENTION!!!!<br />i've looked for my previous orders (when i bought levi) and it was the real deal when i bought it, but NOW i'm reading some reviews saying that its all FAKE or BOOTLEGS, and then i figured out WHY THIS ITEM HAD 5 STARS, MAYBE they were selling the original figma figures in the past... and now, they sell this.... THING... that some of us like to call as FAKEMA<br /><br />I don't know why or how is AMAZON allowing this..."
It did not work. Had to return it for a replacement hoping new one will work.
It broke when she brushed her hair the second time.
Terrible!  One boat broke the first night. Don't waste your money.
"My son was soooo excited to get this, he played with it the second it was delivered.  Unfortunately it's kind of a piece of junk, when the water comes through the hose that's attached to the sprayer the cheap plastic nuts that are supposed to hold the tube on pop off rending this toy useless.  Super big waste of money, it's an awesome idea, but not worth it until they fix the issues."
"Item arrived broken. We were out oftown and got back last week opened today. Broken, waste of money. This does not work."
What a piece of junk. It broke during it's maiden flight. Lasted 5 minutes and stopped working. C/NET should be ashamed for recommending this. The seller and maker should join them. Total ripoff.
Ridiculously tiny!! Read the dimensions ! My fault for not reading how small this was but I didn't think when searching for a &#34;Spider-Man Beach bucket&#34; that anyone would even make something as useless as this - especially at that price ! It's a complete novelty item with zero functionality - the shovel is so tiny and cheap I'm sure it would break on the first scoop of sand. It's something that could be used as a bucket to put children's party favors in for a birthday but not at this price!
One of the cars was not working....
This toy is extremely small and not reflected in description
"Put this decal on my car and it lasted a few days. I thought it would hang in there a lot longer. I am hesitant to put the other one on due to same reason.I have to say I'm disappointed..this decal is the cover of one of my favorite albums.Sorry, but I will not buy another one."
DO NOT BUY Did not receive As many pieces as advertised. They are of VERYYYYY CHEAP quality. The Apple and Knife were already broken when we received them.  It is not even worth the pain to return them.
No good
"This is an extremely small item. If you drop these items, chances are they will disappear, especially into a rug. In their defense, the magnets are very powerfull for their size."
"I am so disappointed with this product.  Immediately upon opening, I was hit with the horrible chemical smell.  After manipulating the pieces for a few minutes, I developed a headache and nausea from the fumes.  After putting the puzzle outside and moving to another area in my house, I remained sick for over an hour.  I was unable to find specifics about the components making up this product but there is no way these chemicals are safe.  The label confirms that it was made in China.  I just want to point out that I have other quality foam toys made by other companies that do not have this awful toxic smell so I know it is not just a necessary effect of the production process.   The puzzle itself is cute, but I can't give it any more than one star since it made me physically ill.  UPDATE:  I have had the puzzle for about 7 weeks.  During this time, I left the puzzle pieces, unassembled, in an open paper bag in the garage to allow it to off gas. After about 3 weeks, I brought it into the house and the smell was still strong enough to make me sick.  I soaked the pieces in warm soapy water and the fumes were unchanged.  (Not surprising but worth a try).  Now, after 7 weeks, the smell is ALMOST gone.  I'm still not sure about the safety of the product, even with the smell greatly decreased.  I plan to air it out another month before allowing into my home again.   On a side note, I also purchased the Lauri puzzle with the kids standing in different positions and it too was made in China with the toxic smelling stuff."
Save your money. Did not work as advertised even after sending three units...don't buy!
This is the absolute worst purchase I've ever made on Amazon. Trash. Poor quality. I was embarrassed when my grandaughter tried to play with them.
This is a total waste of money!
"Well, overall this was a disappointment. Sure, you can &#34;bake&#34; with thing alright, but it's nothing like what you see on the box. The package of &#34;cookie&#34; mix is a complete joke -- it's more like pixie dust. You mix this dust with water to make &#34;cookies&#34;, and you are supposed to get 12  cookies out of one packet of mix. Well, to make that many cookies, they would be about a 1/4 serving size portion of dinner for Barbie. Really. Barbie could eat all 12 of these so-called cookies for dinner and still be hungry. Additionally, I call the mix you get with this thing pixie dust because I'm not really sure what's in it -- a little fluff and a dash of magic and some great marketing for some horrible tasting Tinker Bell sized cookies. Not to mention the refill packets are more expensive than just buying the pre-ready cookie dough rolls at the store; the ovens you put in a real oven really are cheaper. If you're little ones wants to bake, I say give them some premade break-apart cookies, let them turn on the oven and put the cookies on a sheet, and viola! Your kids will be happy with a much better tasting result."
"Did not hold up, even first time assembled. Junk."
"This is not durable at all. I took it out of the box, put the flimsy thing together, blew on it to take it down, and out right back in the box to return it. If your child has any moment in time where they're at all a little rough, this thing will be toast. The accessories, too."
Way too small
These are pick up trucks not monster trucks. Looks nothing like the picture. If you're looking for what's in the picture DO NOT BUY!<br />Attaching picture of what was received. I returned the product once only to receive the same thing again!
The pool does not stay inflated. Air leaks out of two of the three air chambers - we weren't able to use this pool even once! Very disappointing - I would not recommend this product.
DO NOT BUY!! These cards are horrible! There's about 7 cards alone that have 7 duplicates!
"sucks, waste of money"
"I'm very disappointed in this hat. I don't know if the company tried making the hats bigger due to other reviewers stating that this hat ran small, but I ordered for my 6 year old step daughter's pirate dress up day at camp and just received it to find out it's not only way too large for her head, it's even loose on mine and my husband's head!!!! A complete waste of money."
"Terrible. The best part is the canvas bag. Has a nice drawstring so you can easily close and open it. And it shows. Ordered two bags, and ALL 40 of the nickels were from 1900 to 1907. Only 4 out of 40 were VG-8, the rest were G-4 or worse. The COA that comes with it says all nickels are certified VG or better. The bags have been deliberately gone through, it seems. The years in the title of the refer to the years in which this nickel design was minted, not what comes in the bag."
These were going to decorate my grandson's 2nd birthday cake until i saw them yes I knew they would be tiny but they were so poorly made the details of paint and plastic were all so mixed up the face color was all messy they looked like little globs of plastic mistakes not monkeys.
Very disappointed in the packaging. this was bought for my daughters 4th birthday and the box was all torn apart and I was also under the impression that came with both of the dolls. After receiving it I read into it a little more and realized that it does say dolls sold separately  but it is very deceiving with both the dolls  in the picture and not only that but it didn't let me pick which one of the dogs I wanted so you would think if it was coming with one of the dogs you would get to pick if you wanted the one with the brown hair or the blonde hair pretty deceiving and a load of crap in my opinion
"Should have followed my gut while reading other reviews but I wanted so badly for this product to work. Does not &#34;blow&#34; bubbles, I've tried everything and nothing has worked so far. If anyone has suggestions, I'm open to hearing them. Luckily my daughter likes to push it around anyway but being a typical child that LOVES bubbles, this was a huge disappointment to us all :("
"DO NOT PURCHASE:  thought it looked cute for 6 year old girl.  Opened the package and the bracelets stink like some kind of petroleum product, and I mean they stink really bad.  Let them sit out for hours and they still smell.  Cheap purchase so will not return, will use for starter fuel next time I have a bonfire."
did not fit any dolls we own
I wish I could buy it but it's way too ridiculously over priced.
Piece of junk. It broke within 5 minutes of my daughter opening it for her 2nd birthday. What a bummer!
had to get a replacement due to the seal between the sides and the bottome were leaking and then the replacement did the same thing!  I was ver disappointed.
balloons were stuck so some of them didn't blow up because of pin holes
"Response was very quick. However, I had to return because I didn't realize I was ordering a small scale train car."
"Train barely moves around track, won't complete 1 rotation. Won't  pull a car with it. Changed batteries 3 times in case there was something wrong with them; didn't change performance."
"sound is very low hardly heard,not matching expectations"
Such a disappointment!!! Not as pictured.  She has a tiny head. A hard music box imbedded in her back. Smaller in size than pictured. Her face looks lifeless. I have a sleeping doll that's precious this one is not. She looks dead.
It was missing a piece.
expected something else
Did not take good pictures maybe too old
"not well made, ripped within 5 minutes"
"did not realize it was the small ball,get the bigger one"
Don't fill ahead of time 😩.
Mine didnt come with a wheel
Battery came with a leak and worked only once and water got inside the battery. Terrible design.
These glowsticks leaked upon putting them on our children.  Amazon quickly refunded us.
"These fell apart as expected but we were facing a 106 degree outdoor wedding and needed something quick! No, I wouldn't buy these again and if you have time for shipping and a few extra bucks - buy something else."
"What a disappointment. First off, it looked amazing. I saw the 3.0 version on indiegogo and didn't want to wait so I bought the 2.0 and this was a horrible mistake on my part.<br /><br />It came in and I followed the directions to assemble the drone, battery and camera. It wanted to drift regardless of the adjustments I made which was a bummer but THE MAIN ISSUE IS THE QUALITY OF THE WIRING.<br /><br />I flew it for a total of 2 minutes and since there isn't an on/off switch you have to unplug the battery. I did - then today I plugged it in and noticed that it would only light up if the wires were jiggled (obviously a break in the solder or something). I know it's price is attractive but I'm really disappointed in the overall quality. I wish I had waited for the 3.0 version which from the commercial...seems to be better.<br /><br />Now I'm returning this one and I got to throw away shipping costs :("
Do not order this item . The boucy balls looked used and the seams were poorly made. The balls even had nicks and dents in them. They were only 12 in the bag. The description never told us how many. I returned them
Looks nuthing like the pic
"CHEAP, bought this for my sons birthday and terribly disappointed all of them broke within 2 days, don't waste your money"
"Wanted to change the little propellers to a different color, drone broke when I tried removing the 2nd propeller. I have 2 of the same drones & change things all the time with no problems."
Tiny cheap way over priced.
"Color as expected, not very sticky and it is not stretchable to do curves. Very dissatisfied with it, waste of money."
I honestly think it would have been better as plastic
It's small and hard to blow up.
dont buy it it is a peice of garbage i opened it and it was already broken. i ordered a replacement broke on its second flight no crashes.
Arrived broken and useless.  Too much trouble to return.
Found the same one at the dollar store  $1 ...
Looked bad.  We returned it.
This product should be taken off of the market. I had five excited kids quickly turn disappointed. The balloons deflated within 5 minutes. Absolutely ridiculous. ZERO STARS!!!
"Cute, but definitely not fitting as a one size fits all as manufactured"
"Very disappointing that we received a product with puzzle image that is different from what we purchased. We specifically ordered this puzzle because my daughter wanted Mickey, Minnie, and Goofy, and Toddles was an added plus... instead we received a different puzzle with Mickey, Minnie, and Donald and my daughter asked where is Goofy."
i cant believe this I ordered this two times and both times I got ripped off
"Ordered 2, received 2, but 1 was totally broken into pieces"
Creepy as all hell
It is toooooo small
Do not waist your money they look so cheap like something you can get from the dollar store the paint was chipped and a couple of them had there arms off which I did put back on but they would always fall off
Not durable for young children at all! I am Actually on the second one of these. Fabric rips easily and the cardboard bends easily and does not pop back to its shape
Don't waste your money. The ties aren't tight enough so the balloons lose all their water. I think maybe 2-3 worked out of the bunch.
"I  can't even begin to tell you how terrible this purchase was. All figures were in pieces when they arrived and when my son tried to assemble  them back together, the pieces would not fit or match up eith each other. Did not come with an invoice or return info. Only reason for 1 star is it wouldn't let me submit without one. Definitely recommend NOT buying from this product."
Don't buy this.  Very cheap and oversized
These are horrible. Not even fake leather they are spandex. And the straps on them were barely glued on foam. My son liked them but they were terrible.
"This item is not Deer By the Cabin, it is a puzzle of a ship.<br />I was going to buy, but seller says he does not have the deer puzzle.<br />The description and picture do not match."
"they broke really easy, was not impressed with them"
You get what you pay for!
"Received it today,doesn't go around,just makes siren etc noises .very disappointed !"
There were 4 earrings missing from closed packs. I couldn't give it as a gift as I intended.
Very disappointed as pieces were missing.  Postage to return is too much for such a cheap item!
Too bad
"This is a shoddy no-name toy of the type sold in dollar stores. It's worth maybe $2 or $3 at most; it even comes in a plastic bag labeled &quot;TOYS&quot;.<br /><br />It's made of regular plastic, not fiberglass. It comes with garish stickers already applied; the wings and tail need to be snapped on. It's got lumpy chromed wheels, the two halves of the body don't fit together perfectly, the wings are loose in their sockets and droop, and one had an engine already broken off.<br /><br />It looks like the rest of it would break or fall apart the first time a kid played with it - and that's all it's good for; it's certainly not a model/replica that you would want to preserve or proudly display.<br /><br />The only good things I can say are that the proportions look like a real airliner (except for the friction motor and wheels) and it has molded-in details that add some realism, like the windows, doors, wing flaps, etc.<br /><br />P.S. You can see most of the problems mentioned above if you zoom the product photos and look carefully."
Junk.  Worked for less than a week.
Received completely different model than pictured. So disappointed.
These arrived melted and unusable =(
Ripped a huge hole on the first time out with the kids. Literally ten minutes in and the intertubes on the end that hold the water in bursted.
it did not include the lining and tule as said in the description
I'm very disappoint with this purchased. I found out they gave me the knockoff version so please do not buy this. The real one would have more storage and would have finer fur. Please I would like you to not buy their product. ITS A KNOCK OFF The photo is fake and gave me a more yellow tiger.
"A pure waste of time and money. Small,better still,tiny and not easy to put together.I look at it and want to deposit in garbage can but I have still held back by the thought I am throwing away the money I paid for it."
Never hatched and when I finally slammed it on the counter it broke and never grew
I purchased this doll for my grandaughter's birthday.  When I pulled the doll out of the box and undid all the twist ties the head rolled onto the floor.  It wasn't attached and couldn't be attached.  Very disappointed  and will never forget the look on her face when her beloved &#34;tink&#34; fell apart
"Not what I expected. This should be something simple as glow in the dark but it was lighted and battery operated. Too much to go wrong, break and piss kids off."
You get what you pay for!
broke in two weeks :(
Started coming apart within a couple days of use. Became gross very quickly. Ended up returning it. I think these are knock offs of the Caomaru stress balls.
Product was defective and refuse to give me back my shipping which is $40
The inflatable tube included with this doesn't hold air.
MONSTER HIGH TOY IS MISSING PARTS
"tiny, couldnt do much with it. ended up throwing it out."
"All pcs we're not in brand new box....BIG disappointment. If it weren't bought early and put up for an Xmas gift, would have returned or exchanged it, but am now stuck with an unusable game that is missing cards and pcs"
The spintrack and bottom broke on this after a few minutes of play.
It is kind of cheaply made.
If I could give this no stars it would be better. STUPID toy. I but tons of different toys but this went back!!!
Completely useless after a 10ft drop onto carpet. :( It was fun while it lasted.
It leaks if it does not stand upright
Worst toy ever! the fishing rod is a serious weapon! Do your kids like to swing things around? Ever get angry or fight over a toy? My daughter had a huge welt across her face from this magnet!
"Got this for my daughters birthday because she loves the Avengers and she wanted a Hawkeye shooting range. No less than a week later and the string broke. They apparently don't sell replacement strings. So, wasted money and product."
They were not living when I received them
I recieved a japanese version of the card. You guys suck. If you want to chance japanese cards. Go for it.
These have almost no color.
"It doesn't work at all, plus the book was old not knew ."
Misleading picture. Appeared that all the figures were included....and only one for $10!!
Several did not light at all others were dim - Very disappointed in the product - Seller did refund half
I purchased this item it stated 96 wooden pencils I only received 12 in a little box.
"A few years ago these were the greatest. Last summer and this summer I have ordered a few, hoping the leakers were exceptions, but they have all been unusable after a week or less. I would love to know of an alternative float with a cup holder and back rest."
Came in no package. Just plastic bag. Didn't work leaked and sticks fell out. Do not buy
"I enjoy these puzzles.  I've already put together 2 Dragon Flies, but the Praying Mantis is no good from what I can tell.  Piece #12 simply does not fit into the place it's suppose to go.  Either piece #12 is too small or the neck portion of #9 is too big.  The only option is to bend the piece though the directions do not state to do.  Warning: bend the neck before putting on #10, 11, & 12."
"Bird won't drink at all, seems like the solution inside doesn't work.  Waste of money."
"I ordered these for my kids birthday party, for party favors.  When I ordered them, there was a different picture posted.  These arrived and I was utterly disappointed.  I really wouldn't have cared that they looked different than the initial picture, but the fact was - what I received was cheaply made and looked it.  We've gotten these at parties before and the arms are always off and lost within an hour.  However, Amazon was great and in an online chat session, they found me what I needed, overnighted them to me (it was already the Thursday before the party), and"
I believed I was getting a holo but it was in reverse instead
"One of the drum covers was adhered to the base loose, unable to bongo."
Overpaid!!!
Actually I doubt that intensity is 20 A. I don't think so.
The chocolate is really yummy. Fulk little activity to do with your kid(s)
It said it would work with a smartphone and we have 4 in the house and my grandson has a table and it will not woek with it
doesn't even have a remote control with this one. not sure if this is the mistake by seller or the manufacturer
It does not work the water holes do not have that much pressure.
"If I could give half a star I would!  5 out of 12 of these swords deflated within 10 minutes of being blown up.  Now, I have to go out and buy new swords and give half of our guests for my son's birthday party different swords!  Save you money, I know the price is appealing, but these are junk.  They also smell awful.  Extremely disappointed!"
Awful experience.  First time we ordered during the break in process it started smoking and wouldn't stop so we had to send in for a new one.  Now that we have the second one it's been one broken part after the other. If a tire isn't falling off then something needs adjusted.  It's hard to steer straight and if it goes off a smooth surface you can gaurantee you will need to fix something.  Swerving in and out of the cones I bought are totally out of the question because it doesn't not handle well.  Poured way too much money into this item.
Weak stream of water.
Junk
"Poorer quality than what I have ordered in the past for family grads. Proportion of morton board to head is off, too small. Returned item. With shipping cost hardly worth it. Would not order again or recommend this item."
"Extremely inappropriate game! I knew it would be &#34;out there&#34; but this was to the extreme. After having to Google what most of the cards even meant, I got rid of about 2/3 of the cards, which all dealt with heinous sexual acts. Not exactly a game about who's the most adventurous!"
"They fell apart almost immediately.  The price was cheap, and they were not worth it.  Complete waste of money."
"I had ordered the vault boy and received this instead. I had pre ordered these a little over a month ago. I had also ordered the brotherhood of steal funko as well but received the mutant instead. and both the vault boy and brotherhood of steal funkos are now about 24 bucks, its a real bummer that i had pre ordered the vault boy and brotherhood of steal funkos for about 10 bucks over a month ago and received two that i had no desire for. and the ones i wanted are now double the price. very disappointing."
Broke the very first time we used it!
FAKE SHOPKINS! All wrong colors and faces painted horribly! My daughter was so upset!
I think this is more suitable for a younger child. I purchased this for my 5 yr. old and he was not interested.
I thought it was a regular size hello kitty and not a mini one.  It never said it was mini and honestly kinda disappointed when I gave it to my wife for a gift and it was mini
Very small. Must have measured from tip of antler to under chin.
"Very, very small!"
Very small.  pieces tarnished.  no latch
I have great water pressure and i can't get it to wet the other side of the slip n slid. I will never buy this again or recommend to others.
Much smaller than depicted. Two average size adults cannot comfortably sit in this.
"Not as advertised !Very small , do not buy unless you want eyes that are not even big enough for an 8 yold child ! Tried to return them and seller wanted to deduct cost of shipping ! Very poor seller."
"I ordered my normal shirt size, which is a large, and when it got here it fit like a small."
Warning to potential buyers:<br />The picture and what the product actually looks like do not match.
"Not worth the buy. Hair falls off instantly. and the few that keep the hair, shed worse than any dog I have seen.  Best to avoid."
"this item is $359 on the traxxas web site. price discount is way mis-leading.<br /><br />PS this this a 5 start item, but the false discount is not cool."
Cheap wish I would have returned it
"Piece of crap, can't stop it flying sideways regardless what I adjust.  Save your money or spend a little more and buy a  good quality one.  I been in rc for over 20 years and I've been flying copters for about 8 years.  If I can't fix it you know its a piece of junk.  I just wanted to get this copter for one of my kids to learn on."
"Not what I expected. This should be something simple as glow in the dark but it was lighted and battery operated. Too much to go wrong, break and piss kids off."
"These are so much smaller than the product dimensions suggest.  Like choking hazard small.  I was super disappointed, because the glowing looked really cool.  There's just no way that these could be an enjoyable toy to play with, given their size.  They would never even be compatible with any other block sets.  Don't waste your money on this!"
"Don't waste your time, they don't work"
This is not a full carbon fiber frame. It is fiber glass with a thin cover of carbon on top. Would not by this one again.
These replacement Aquadoodle pens leak. They don't look the same as the original pen that came with the mat. The caps have a sharp piece of plastic right where you put your fingers to grip/turn when filling the pen with water.  I am returning these for a refund.
"The cage and propellers are OK, but are cheap knock-offs.... Disappointed with the purchase. We had some problems connecting the protective cage to the drone and it was twisted when it arrived. I had previously purchased another set which was much better, different vendor & brand.... Purchase only if you're cheap"
I made the purchase based on the picture of a black truck and when I got it I realized it was just an acrylic body. My son was sooooo disappointed. I think that picture was meant to deceive
Broke after second use and now I'm SOL.  Lame.
"Both batteries I ordered are giving me trouble after only a week of usage. One battery did not hold a charge whatsoever today after it charging for two hours, and the other battery is causing the charger to blink red when I plug it in rather than show a solid red LED like the original battery that came with the quadcopter does. Not to mention these batteries are wider and shorter than the battery that came with the quadcopter, making them a very tight fit in the quadcopter putting strain on the wires inside.<br /><br />Do not order these batteries, they are not exact replacements, they are some knock-off battery that will barely work and will not last you more than 1 week.<br /><br />EDIT: Both batteries are completely dead now and will not hold any charge whatsoever. I requested replacements and I will send these back, hopefully these replacements will work, but I doubt it."
$16.00!!!!  I ordered by mistake.  Will be sending back.
did not work
"Very unhappy, got it for a Christmas gift for my adult son,and it broke the first time he drive it in my living room, bought the warranty and even called as soon as the office opened after Christmas , needless to say it is still sitting on a shelf"
"bought as a present, sprung for the 2day shipping payed 20 bucks for half of a gift."
"Just A heads up, this is a darling doll size kitchen. Superior quality.  But, it's $65 at Target, in store and online."
"This battery did not come with a charger or a converter.  Amazon sells another battery with the converter.  Also amazon recommended that I buy the charger.  I did, and it does not fit.  I cannot return this battery.  I am not happy."
Not as colorful as the picture depicts.
Came broken.
"I am writing again! I wish I would have read the reviews first, I bought it for my grandchild. Don't waste your money even if it is cheap. I liked when I first saw it.but 3 days later, it stopped working after I charged it for the 30 min it says to do."
"Doll would be very nice, but after opening the box, I noticed that the left leg defective."
Item was not as advertised. Advertised as an Issue 1951 but Issue 1954 was delivered.
heavy and my daughter seldom ride one it.
The palette came completely covered in the pink powder inside and out. This made a mess everywhere upon opening the package. The other colors were almost unclear to what exact color they were. However all the other colors are just fine. Definitely was disappointed especially since I spent so much for it.
This is junk. The bubble solution holder is so flimsy it collapses when you touch it. The bubble maker just grabs the bubble solution and drips away. Complete waste of money.
Could only use 4 of the entire pack. So disappointed that Amazon carries such a bad product.
"My item came wrapped in bubble wrap which didn't seem very secure. While I didn't have issues with the faux valcanoe, I did have issues with the casing. Plastic clear dome was coming away from the red some which cause the liquid to seap out onto my desk."
"Don't waste your time, they don't work they say they are supposed to"
Really small item for the price.  Not at all like I thought it would be.
You get what you pay for! Too good to be true.
"Don't waste your money, buy sidewalk chalk instead. It's cheaper and exactly the same thing."
Paper starts to tear if there is too much water or too many brush strokes in one spot. And by &#34;too many&#34; I mean very little. Disappointing.
Bought this for my one year old and it didn't sit on top of the water but slightly under it. He leaned forward and sucked up water and choked.
Tiny!!!!! Size of my small finger
"Not what I ordered, and without context, nobody would know this is a Ghoul rather than any other generic zombie."
"Dreadful! It Looked used, marks all over it (especially the screw driver, which looked like someone had already been playing with it). The edges were all damaged and my 2 year old managed to snap one of them in 2 just playing with one of the tools soon after opening. That made it dangerous as the edges were jagged. That is the only reason I didn't return it, because they could say we damaged it. I can;t imagin how mad I would have been if it had been a gift. I wouldn't buy it at a garage sale."
Looked awesome at first then fell part very quickly. Would not buy again.
This fell apart the second my son took it out of the packaging. Very poorly made. Do not waste your money.
This pool had to be inflated as least every other day.  I had to drain the pool before inflating it because I used an electric pump.  The amount of time and water I used for the two weeks it was used was not worth the effort in keeping it up.
A very inadequate product packaged as something of substance...not very engaging....'experiments' (one of them is literally just melting chocolate (not included of course) and another is putting the candy thermometer in hot water) are not tightly related enough to the principles to really give the child that 'ah-ha' moment. Instructions are incomplete and vague enough that it's easy to fail in the process.<br /><br />This kit could easily come together for under $15 and a little internet research in candy making.<br /><br />Huge disappointment.
The monkeys are so small you can barley make out their faces.  You can't even place them on cupcakes they are so small. Complete waste of money.
These stickers sucked...
Battery imploded the first time I charged it.
"The description of the item clearly states that the set comes with props attached to the sticks and no DIY required. However, it is a lie. Sticks and masks come separated. I ordered it thinking it is no DIY required item, because obviously i did not have time to bother with things like that before my wedding. Not recommended!"
"Terrible! Fist of all I put it in my head with gloves and everything, then i went to wash my hair it stained everything!! I mean my bathroom turned pink, my shower, my curtains, my hands my whole body turned pink! I had to use dish soap and polish remover, burned my skin!  Doesn't last long, i mean come on, a whole week trying not to stain everything and one week later the color is gone. BAD PRODUCT!"
"I am so disappointed in the doll that we received in the mail! The one we got in the mail does NOT feel like it should, it dont look like the doll in the pictures, and most of all we didn't get what we were paying for! I'm so upset, if it wasn't a birthday gift for my daughter's 5th birthday it would have been returned!"
I was disappointed with this item because the little balls lack consistency in sticking to the target. Sometimes the ball hits dead on center and fails to stick. You can hit the target and many times they do not stick. I would not recommend this product.
My son played with it a lot but when he touched it it popped.It only lasted less than a day.
Cool toy but ya don't think you will get 24pks like it says in the item description. Definitely will be returning can get it at the dollar store
Poor quality plastic. The item looks a lot different than the featured pucture too.
"I got this for my son for his 7th birthday. I gave it to him at his party (over a month after I ordered it so it's not eligible for return/exchange,) but he played with it for literally 2 minutes and it no longer works!!! Changed the batteries and even tried a new remote... Nothing:("
"It didn't come with the seeds! So now I have this tiny little egg planter, and too very not happy cats. Boo hiss."
Kid likes it. Was broken and smashed when received. Replacement was even worse.
"Received damaged item, quality seems no good"
I set it up perfectly and it barely gets off the ground. Had to modify the tail A LOT to make it work. Still does not fly well.
Nowhere on the description of this kite does it mention that it has TWO lines. Also the directions were terrible. They keep referring to a white dot on that does not exist on the shaft.  Very frustrating. Will be returning immediately.
One of six Ravensburger puzzles purchased at same time.  Five of the six had one or more pieces missing!!  Never buy brand again.
Hat was squished to hell and back.
There is nothing quick or easy about refilling a water balloon kit.  Each individual balloon needs to be threaded thru a tiny rubber washer.  I gave up after 30 mins and only having 15 balloons replaced.  Not worth the time.
"We received this as a gift, and it was well loved. The batteries eventually died, and I finally got around to replacing them. I used NiMH batteries (which are approved for this product per the manual). In went the new batteries, I tested the toy, it turned on just fine, so I put the battery case lid back on and put the battery case back inside the soft body of the toy. I tried to turn it back on, but it wouldn't turn on, so I took the battery case back out to investigate (the switches are difficult to see when the case is inside the soft body), and that is when I noticed a burning plastic smell, and that the lid of the battery case was hot to the touch! I frantically unscrewed the two small screws in the case, and once I got it open, I could see visible sparks at the negative terminal end of one of the batteries (and it was NOT installed incorrectly). I was able to pull the battery out, though it was extremely hot to the touch, and removed the other batteries as well. The spring at that terminal end was blacked and compressed, where it had just been perfectly normal before I put the new batteries in. The plastic surrounding the spring was melted and brown.<br /><br />A quick google search revealed this has happened to many others, but that there is no recall on this product. And coming here to Amazon to see other reviewers saying the same thing, well, clearly something needs to happen to fix this problem. It seems to happen only when batteries are replaced (and immediately after they're replaced), but it could potentially cause burns or a catastrophic fire! IF THIS HAS HAPPENED TO YOU, REPORT IT TO FISHER PRICE! I called Fisher Price (888.253.4303) and the woman I spoke with was extremely helpful and apologetic. She emailed me a prepaid shipping label, and will be mailing me a check for the full retail value of the toy (and even said if I should find it for more than the check's value, to call and they will refund the difference as well). Evidently there are newer versions of this toy with only two batteries, instead of three (it is the three battery version which is having this malfunction, or so it would seem). I also filed an incident report with saferproducts.gov.ersions of this toy with only two batteries, instead of three (it is the three battery version which is having this malfunction, or so it would seem). I also filed an incident report with saferproducts.gov."
Box arrived with significant damage and character is sideways in her box... super disappointed.
I bought two for my grandsons neither of them worked at all I would not tell any people to buy them I would tell them how It did not work I am so %#^*&#62;!!!!  . . .
The field of view is very small and focus is poor
We tried everything to get it to pair to our iPhone devices but could not get it to work.  returned it.
"This product does not come with working police light or headlight... It can only go forward, backward, turn left and turn right."
My son loves this toy. Played with it for one day and the bottom mouth peice came unglued and now won't stay on. For the price not very happy with the quality.
Not what i expected
The blocks do not stay connected which led to great frustratio.
"This is the worse purchase I have ever made! I blew this thing up on Monday and filled it, my grandson loved it, BUT, by Thursday it was half deflated in several spots! I don't know if the heat in Los Angeles (93) effected the thin plastic and caused several leaks I mean like 4 different spots. I tried to return it but was told I waited to long! $50.00 dollars down the drain, as usual &#34;JUNK&#34; from CHINA!!"
"Garbage! Dollar store item! Broken, paint peeling, wood chipped, wrong color!"
Had this 2 weeks & it doesn't work no more my daughter with a disability is very upset :(((
Not a single bubble! Waste of money
"What the picture shows and the title states, is that this is the version with ENGRAVED titles.  What we received was cheep painted version of the game in a beat-up box."
Total junk. They don't work.
These are beautiful small knobs but they are cheaply made. 2 of the glass orbs came off while I was installing these. It was a major hassle to remove the broken bases off my drawers. These are going back as soon as possible.
Overpriced and overhyped does not stimulate a child's creativity just another piece of crap in which waste money and clutter a child's bedroom. They lose interest very fast.
After seeing these negative reviews I certainly won't be buying this doll.
Why is this item so much more expensive than all the others?
Not useful for fixing my rc helicopter
Dont buy this junior size ball. It will not flip into the other color in the air. I believe its because of the lighter weight of the ball and not having enough force to switch in the air unless you spin it in the air. The 4 inch diameter Switch Pitch ball is great. Just simply toss it in the air and it switches color!
"this item arrived today. First, it arrived damaged. Second, I can see why- it is extremely poor quality material. Very disappointed."
Returned it
"It's ok, but too pricey for what you get."
"The accessory to fill the balloons is useless, and sprays water all over the place. unless you have one; do not buy it."
It didn't fit right and you have to paint it. I tried to take it back but they said since I altered it I couldn't but the only way to make it fit is to alter it....... Used on e-revo 1:16
Product was not as advertised.
too small in size.. compare to picture in the site
"I bought these for my daughter's rock star birthday party.  With daughters, we have a ton of colorful hair extensions floating around our house, but I would not  purchase these again.  The &#34;hair&#34; was all fly aways, so looked tangled and mangled from the get-go.  Not shiny or with a clean look.  I used them for the party, because I had purchased quite a few different types, so I figured someone would choose them at the hair styling station and it wasn't worth my energy to return ."
"There are many things that makes it 1 star rated product<br />1. There were no holes in it, do not buy if you are not planning to drill yourself<br />2. Chair was not as comfortable as it shows in the picture. Even though the product says 3 years + but my 2.5 year can barely fit on it comfortably. And my 2.5 year old is in 55 percentile growth charts<br />3. Table is snap on to legs so there is no rigid structure to keep it together, kick from one and it will fall down like deck of cards<br />4. No big deal, things included showed screw driver but it was missing.<br />5. Chair is made up with 4 snap on pieces, two brown ones to make leg base and two blue one for seat and one for back rest. Again no screws for any rigid structure. Back rest barely stayed in place."
Product quit working within 5 minutes of using it. It will be returned today.
Utter crap. Models are prone to flash.<br />Rules were never tested.<br />Production value a joke.
I was very disappointed it did not work it doesn't move at all very let down I would not recommend buying this
"Very Disappointed.  I ordered a 3 Ring Binder as advertised.  I received a 4 Ring Binder-complete waste of my time and money.  I will order elsewhere as I still need this item in this color, but with 3 RING configuration."
"Broke after 1 day. no left controls at all. Cannot steer it. adjusted all the controls and trim to compensate, nope. I have the white x12s and it's ok. Major disappointment."
No...why does it have to cost so much money. Over 500 bucks? That's ridiculous. It probably didn't cost nearly that much when it was in stores...
Within 2 days the plastic pieces that hold the tent upright went through the bottom material of my 2 year old granddaughter 's  new tent!
"It broke after a single use, not too happy."
fun at first but soon became the most annoying toy in the house. Way too overwhelming.
"Great concept, but only worked twice. The stand is incredibly flimsy and won't stay together long enough to continue launching. Great concept, though. It would be a great learning activity if it worked well."
Terrible
I purchased these balloons from a different seller and loved them but this batch is just awful.  They rubber bands are not tight when water is added so all the water runs out of the balloons.
Cracked
"This puzzle was defective, missing six pieces. It was a birthday gift at a birthday party, and my nephew tore it open and started putting it together in front of us. How embarrassing that he couldn't complete the puzzle. Of course I am one day beyond the month limit for the refund. I feel as though I have been swindled."
The hair came off of the doll two days later.
very small，Feel the price is not accord with，Function had not written in the description so rich，It won't buy again
The sound on this is very annoying.  In addition it takes away the fun of trying to sneak up on each other.  Does anyone know how to turn off the sound????
"The program didn't work on any of our computers, and what the camera recorded was so blurry and indistinct, it wasn't worth it. I tried it before giving the whole box and pieces to my [very, very tech-savvy] brother, and he couldn't do it either. Definitely not for kids, and iffy for adults, too."
Poor quality.  Seam separated in ladder after 3rd use and deflated.  Not in a place that can be repaired.  Seller offered to replace but I fear it will continue to happen.
These are keychain size
This game is a great idea but the eggs won't break when they fall. Even on concrete or brick. Plus the eggs fit too well in the spoons and rarely fall off.
"My 3 year old received these as a gift for Christmas 2014. They were a great hit. We even bought the target and extra arrows because both my kids (now age 4 and 6) loved them. Now, the beginning of August the plastic elastic bands tore. I examine the bands and found nearly the entirety of the elastic band has deteriorated. I'm really disappointed that this toy only lasted 9 months. I do not recommend."
My seven year old saved his money for several months to buy Lord Business! Imagine my shock and annoyance to see a $37 Lego figure arrived in a ZIPLOC BAG! That is correct--no Lego box or instructions.  This is absolutely unacceptable!
Dont buy this. I ordered this for my son who is 5 yrs old and enjoys building toys like legos and snap circuits. The concept is great for kids to learn about how solar power works but this item has a very weak solar panel and motor. There is not enough power sent to the motor to do anything indoors with any type of indoor lighting with standard light bulbs. I had to actually use a small desktop halogen light bulb and place it directly above the solar panel to make the motor move. Concept is good but quality is poor. Not worth getting.
Not impressed with this toy. It is much smaller then expected. My son is pretty disappointed.
returned
Most of them came busted.
The plastic pegs slide easily through to the opposite side. My 1 1/2 year old grandson can push them through with his fingers. The point of hammering them is lost.
"First of all if you read the instructions it states that this device is meant to take in water, the part with the batteries does not. Now, as for my review, don't buy this. I wasn't expecting much when I bought it, I didn't expect some epic light toy. But it's really crap. I got it all set up and the lighting is super dim, even with the lights off in the bathroom it's not very bright, and by 6 different light shows it means it slowly cycles through 6 different colors......slowly....and it really is chep plastic. I only paid 5 bucks for it, but it's not even worth that with how dim and cheap it is, save yourself the dissappontment and don't buy."
Not as described.  It said 4 Mega and 7 Ex and contained none.  Very disappointed and unhappy.
"It was the size of a spoon head, what a screw job I got"
"I'm not the type to get vindictive, but I wanted to warn others from buying this product. First, out of the box the sound quality through the microphones was terrible, not kidding. The kids are young enough to be fascinated and not care but it is hard to listen to. After 15 uses or so, one microphone stopped working. That was okay with me as I had started using it as a CD play only, which wasn't so bad. But now even that is skipping constanty for a CD that works perfectly fine elsewhere. I always used it plugged into the wall, so it has never been banged around. It is such a poor piece of equipment that I'm surprised at the good reviews it has gotten."
"Not like what I want for my baby.<br />There is only one big button, instead of 9 buttons as showing in the pic."
It made fabulous bubbles - for the 2 times that it worked.  I messed around with the wires (they're not attached very well) and got another use out of it but that was it.
"Drawers stock. Quality is bad, it's just paper glued on to cardboard. Should be $10 for the garbage that it is. Super disappointed."
Just kid crap. The web site has been taken down so you can't use them.
Not what I thought. Very poorly made . Tools fell apart as soon as my son started playing with them.
I wouldn't pay more than $8.00 for this toy ... If it werent a Disney toy you couldn't convince me to pay more than $5.00. It's structure is frail and the play pcs are tiny... Didn't last.
The plane will not fly things was messed up from day one just wasted my money even though I bought insurance on it I sent it to my grandson so I have noway to return it Please don't waste your money on this peace of junk parts was missing there is noway it will ever fly this was what my grandson wanted for his birthday and I bought insurance another waste of money omg it's unbelievable how long the insurance paperwork is it would probably take hours just to figure out how to return it majorly unreal and that is a whole lot of money to me I am disabled on a fixed income and my grandson lives a very long way from me or I would try to figure out how to use the insurance and he wants something that works }:
"The front already ripped and it's been less than 2 months. My 3 year old was only using it to play with in the house and the design cracked in the middle then tore open. There was a narrow return window, so no refund available. Don't waste your money."
I only received 1 guard when there was supposed to be 2
Probably should show what batteries this will charge. Will not charge my note 3... shuts off after 10 seconds. It will charge my iPhone 5 but I needed it to charge both.  Very disappointed. I let It go dead and recharged to see if it helps.  No luck.
The item fell apart. Both ends of the board broke and one side of the trucks fell off.
broke on the first day
"The reason I purchased this set was for the &#34;over-sized&#34; volleyball. It is actually a little smaller than a regular sized volleyball. I am sure our family will play with it anyway, just disappointed that it wasn't supersized."
"I received 2 packs that had already been opened and poorly taped closed. Once my excited kids opened then they looked very much like knock offs. I was skeptical until my 9 year old showed me what they should look like. The quality looked poor, no furry baby (plain poorly colored plastic) paint on all models was clearly inferior to other shopkins the kids showed me. I felt worried that these small toys could be made from less than safe materials and I am not prepared to let them play with them. I have returned and requested from Amazon for replacements, I trust that quality checks will be made next time."
Very disappointing!
"It came with a hole in it. I didn't discover it until I got to the campground, of course. Ultimately, it took room in the car and I never got to use it due to its inability to hold air."
Nothing like the picture<br />looks like a cheap 5.00 toy
They broke with in hours of opening
It arrived broken. No return info. Seriously disappointed.
"half of the bubble containers were empty, liquid everywhere, labels falling off. not usable"
This new version is awful.! Marbles are plastic...the board is confusing. Just awful. I didn't even try to play it with my son. I'll look around for original board...which made sense.
Not at all what I was expecting. Like a paper plate with string. One of the masks didn't even have a &#34;strap&#34; attached to it.
Inflated to recomended pressure all went well until sun exposure made the air expand and the result was air popped to other areas and made them unusable
"A waste of money. Didn't work from the beginning. It's very finnicky and the power button does not turn on most of the time. Even if it does happen to turn on, the bubbles don't work, or only do so briefly. Unless you'd like your child to be frustrated, upset and disappointed, do not bother buying this toy. It should be taken off the market for false advertising. Tried it for a few days with no improvement so it was returned."
"I'm an avid collector of these vinyl POP figures. I have a dozen at my desk at work and over 3 dozen on a shelf at home. They're all displayed in their box b/c I'm a little OCD and I sometimes resell or trade them and having the box makes everything easier. I did take this figure out of its box b/c a friend of mine was interested in trading for it. Imagine my surprise when we discovered that the top of Doom's head and the upper portion of his cape looked like it was hastily repainted! Picture a scrape on your car that someone went over w/ touch up paint, except they used way too much paint and did it with the wrong sized brush! Terrible!! I'm my horror I opened every single POP vinyl that I owned. Thank god it was the only one with damage. I wish I had discovered this sooner b/c there is absolutely no way I would have kept it. I will never buy another figure online b/c of this experience. In store, only after inspecting. Be careful out there folks."
"Two out of three were broken, but love the one that made it in one piece"
"This product arrived and does not work at all. Brand new Duracell batteries (tried more than one set, right out of battery pack) and nothing. This should have been turned on prior to shipping to a buyer."
SUCKS
The ring is too thick to put half my keys on. This thing is useless.
Cute idea- my boys lived painting them again and again! The paint dried and peeled off.... Would not order again.
These cups are very flawed. Irritating because they were not cheap
Very disappointed. I purchased 4 Wubble Bubble balls and within the first 2 days 3 had popped and the other  one a few days later. None were in the same house so all under different situations. Yes they offer a replacement for them at $6.99 each but to me I didn't want to spend more money for the same thing to happen. Even my grandchildren said they didn't want them replaced. Sorry but this item was not good for me.
I bought 2 sentit as a gift to my nephews down in south america and the worse ever those f.....ing things didnt work never nevr buy to this people again
I thought this gun woul last for years I shot it twice when I got it it never worked again it's a terrible gun
"I couldnt use it, took it to an rc store brandnew and it doesnt work, waste of money and i want a refund"
Horrible. Don't work. Don't stay closed. Don't fill correctly. Don't fill enough to break when thrown. Terrible product.
Missing pieces. Cheap.
Do NOT purchase these glow sticks!!! We tried using them and they were breaking and getting into the girls eyes and hands. That's very dangerous. I've had better luck with ones from the dollar store.
Hated them
"It does not look like the picture. Not as wide and I'm not sure how anyone is suppose to use it as a coloring tray, when it's completely soft. I thought there would be some kind of harder material at the tray part, but there isn't. And it took forever to arrive!"
"My girls opened this up on Christmas morning, played it once, and it wouldn't play again after that. It was sent back. Disappointing."
Very cheaply made. Door doesn't stay open. Car looks plastic. Modelsfrom Maisto or Hotwheels in this price range are way better. I bought the Pagani cinque and it's even worse. Never buying motomax products again.
"The green blood pressure cuff has high lead content was the subject of a class action suit.  DO NOT let your kids have access to it!!  The class  action suit is closed, but I just called and was able to have Fisher Price send me out another blood pressure cuff in blue.  I really don't even think it is legal for this one to be sold on here....and why the heck is it so expensive?!?!"
horrible product. dead batteries came with it and elmo skips stutters and doesn't work properly
"It will not turn over a new engine, it must be broken in before using this to start. Your best bet is to buy the starting wand and use your cordless drill. Also, the wand does not lock into the motor, so it keeps falling off."
"The quality is bad. Also, the sticker design was poorly attached."
I was not very pleased with this purchase.  Read the details carefully so you will not be dissapointed and realized why the price is so reasonable.
"250 USD for a hunk of copper?  Come on, folks.  This might, might be worth 30 cents in melt copper, no more."
Guitar is loud and there is no off switch.
Unfortunately after three weeks on my car the magnet faded to white.
Box was severly damaged when we received it. Looked like it was already opened when the description said it was brand new. I thought that meant never opened. I didnt know it meant broken box with bags shoved into it. Couldnt wrap it for my kids present we had to just give it to her.
Great price but outrageous shipping cost!
they didn't even sew his nose in the middle of his face. Really!
I bought this plane as a beginner and I strongly recommend something different if you are new to flying... First crash was like an actual airplane crash scattered all over the place... Unfortunately I paid quite a significant amount more when I purchased it.
Way too loud and fast and it over heats :/
These things are impossible to get a good fit with and keep falling out of your mouth.
"I hate this set. I wanted to buy it and make money on it. Instead I cant. If it was superman It would.<br /><br />Furthermore I'm a police officer. I try to be like batman every day at work. I was buying this set to help motivate me. Instead I just felt. Underwelmed.<br /><br />From now on I will stick to the friends sets. Maybe, on a holiday I'll splurge for Chima.<br /><br />Batman, you have let me down for the very last time."
This was very poor quality.  I returned it.  Thank you. Bonnie
It didn't not come when it was supposed to. Not the same item in the picture. Very disappointed
"Cheap cheap cheap. Poor quality on both hat and patch, and the colors and design are just funky. I don't subscribe the the blanket philosophy &#34; you get what you pay for, because I often find deals on quality products, but in this case you're getting a cheaply made hat at a cheap price."
One of six Ravensburger puzzels bought at same time.  All packaged as new.  EVERY ONE had pieces missing.  Not buy brand again.
Not as colorful as it appears in picture.
I RECIEVED THE WRONG ITEM!
lasted 2 minutes. my dog got on it and ripped it!!!
"The ballon had a defect and could not be inflated.  I had plan to have a circus theme for my daughter's fist birthday, fell in love with this ballon on line.  But could not use it as it could not be inflated.  I plan on returning it and asking for a refund."
Not much bang for your buck here! Cheap! Cheap!🐣
"I honestly have no idea how these are getting so many good reviews, unless the seller is writing fake ones.  The leis I received looked absolutely NOTHING like the pictures in the listing or like the pictures people left in the reviews.  I got 10 leis in 5 different solid colors with teeny tiny flowers on them.  Then, thinking maybe I just got unlucky with the selection, I returned those and ordered again, and got the EXACT SAME THING.  Now, I would think that with a random assortment the likelihood of that would be slim.  I ended up returning them and going to Party City and getting much prettier ones for cheaper.  Really disappointed."
The new design of the cards are too busy. Bought the deck to play cards with my 90 plus year old mother who has vision issues and the new design is confusing. The old design had colored numbers on a white background as was easier to discern the numbers for sight challenged individuals.
Terrible. Didn't fit the Parrot Drone. Returned the battery. Junk!
"The lanyard broke automatically! I bought this product intentionally to fit my phone and cards, money and stuff like that when going to theme parks, and obviously before going i tried it in and fit all my stuff in it and it fit perfectly but the lanyard broke within ten minutes and the zipper totally got stuck when closing it and broke trying to fix it! It was so cute and i was super excited to take it with me but it was so cheap it didnt even last an hour! So disappointing!!"
Reciever did not work had to buy another one transmitter looks great
"HORRIBLE.  So small; they have to be made for kids under 10.  I bought a dozen of these for a bachelorette party, and I had to glue clips to all of them for them to even stay on top of our heads..EVEN WHEN SITTING STILL.  I wish I would have just returned them.  They definitely DO NOT fit average adults.  I am very disappointed and regret buying these entirely."
"This would be awesome if the app was available across all ios and android phones.  I purchased this for my child, who was unable to use it the way we wanted because none of our milliions of devices were able to download the app needed. Maybe if they updated their programming it would be better."
"very cheap, first time my daughter played with them they where all cracked."
"It doesn't work. I assumed it was the batteries, so I replaced them. Still doesn't work. Very disappointed."
One of six puzzles purchased at same time.  All new.  Five have pieces missing.  Not sure about this one.  Never buy brand again.
Not very loud
"Warning! This is not a legitimate puzzle. I've been enjoying Heyes puzzles for over a decade. First of all, the box was flimsy and arrived crushed. It usually comes in the triangular container and this didn't. There was no photo so it's really tough to follow the box. I wrote the seller with no response. I tried to print a photo but realized it was a different version than what was on the box and you can't really see the top righthand. Then, the pieces are so flimsy and low quality, it kept breaking apart. So I put it back in the box and feel totally ripped off for my time and money."
"It was very difficult to deflate this due to several different chambers (in the head and legs). It's a nice size float that several young kids could play on, but after struggling to deflate it a few times we decided it wasn't worth it and got rid of it."
"The balls came looking used, dirty and poorly made. The seams were all opened and not glued nicely. There were only 12 in the bag. I'm returning these."
This was one of six Ravensburger puzzles bought at same time.  All were packaged as new.  EVERY ONE had pieces missing.  Will never buy another!
One of six Ravensburger puzzles purchased as new all at the same time.  Five of the six had one or more pieces missing.  Not buy brand again.
"We regret purchasing this product.  It requires far too much effort to put together for a plastic children's toy.  One or two elements couldn't be properly installed at all, including putting batteries in the burner, whose screws are deeply recessed and wouldn't budge."
"poor quality, cheap 5 cent gumball machine item"
"I would avoid buying! It is literally tiny! My baby's doctor has said she is a  &#34;little short&#34; for her age, yet when she sits on the slide, she cant even slide down because the slide is too small for a 9 month old...her legs touch the end of the slide. She was so excited and then nothing. SKIP THIS BUY. not worth the price, not even half the price. Returned on my side."
"Poor quality and different handle than pictured, the shipping also took 6 days longer than predicated"
Broke after 1 week . too heavy for little one and doesnt hold much only 2 cups
Expensive junk
2 of the props were wrong. Doesn't work.
Never worked since the day we received it.
"VERY MISLEADING! These things are made of plastic, and come with battery operated tea lights that are way smaller than normal ones, it has a warning on it not to get it near fire, took me a long long time to widdle away at the plastic to get a tea light to fit, I plan on gutting the inside and making one large hole, then getting glass holders that will fit in it with ridges on the outside to hold it in place, or I may trash it and simply buy an expensive one, I do not reccomend these in any capacity if you want an actual tealight holder, ultra disappointed."
This is the bootleg version. The actually Japanese version is much more expensive and much high quality.
"Maybe they're an old set....two were broken off completely and when I tried to sharpen them, they continued to break down. Prismacolor pencils are of a much higher quality."
I did not like it at all nothing like the pictures!
Came damaged
"Seriously?! To call these magnetic is misleading. Very weak. They are basic blocks, plain and simple. Magnets are totally worthless. I bought these for my preschool and wanted to use them for a unit on magnets. Instead they will be added to the block shelf."
"Returning it, Very disappointed everything sounds the same."
"This game is s frustrating and there are so many things going on. It's hard to keep track of points, cards, and everything else. Do yourself a favor and stick with Settlers of Catan."
All the handles either broke off or bent within the first two days of use on both of the games ordered.
Don't buy this product biz striker and coins are very cheap quality and stricker get in pocket with coin and surface is not smooth either
Magnifying glass projects the image in reversed way.
I was greatly disappointed with this item - could not see the lines on the canvas - it was rolled into a tight pencil thin roll- not what I was expecting
Doesn't work---waste of money
"Bought 2 guns for my boys. One was broken out of the box, and the other one lasted about an hour before the cocking lever broke off."
Got these awhile just used them past weekend when filling they came off the sticks and did not stay tied....very disappointed
"A dumb luck game that requires zero use of your brain. Just a step above chutes and ladders. Would be good for 3 & 4 year olds learning how to play board games, and how to take turns. Not sure how, other than the spinner, this game is like The Game of Life"
"This is a cheap toy that breaks easily.  The wood with the animal on it is a thing, splintery-looking piece of plywood or something that will fall off of your child's tambourine about one hot second of play."
thing was defective when we got it. It was meant to have holes for the top piece to click in on the instructions. But it didn't have them.
"One of the partsbroke during assembly, which in itself was too complicated for a child to master."
Pieces mismatched
garbage
noice not what expected.
"why the hell is this so over priced!?!? I get that tamagotchis are old but they are not THAT old!! selling it for 150 is outrageous and stupid, atleast 30-45 dollars but not 150! I can buy a flat iron with that like no f off dude, I loved my child hood but not enough to buy ONE tamagotchi for 150..."
You get what you pay for!
"One wing only had a very small strip of the mood-stuff, & it doesn't touch the skin, so I'm not sure if it just doesn't change color, or it's because the wing only has partial stuff in it. My daughter is 7, so it's not a huge thing, she likes the butterfly shape, anyway. We found a much better one in a nearby tourist town, sterling silver with great mood-stuff all the way around it... it's a toe ring so the circle doesn't go all the way around, but that fits her really great & will grow with her, since it's adjustable. Cost more, but, I guess you get what you pay for. I would not recommend this one."
"Not happy at all with this and I bought two for my playgroup class anticipating it being a lot better. As Ashley pointed out, it is not at all a sorter. There is only about half a centimetre's difference between adjacent sizes and the shape of the yellow fish (mid size) means it fits through the blue (small size) slot. Also the hole at the back is so large if it is not standing up the fish fall out and if another fish is angled inside the next fish fall out anyway so lots of times no rewarding plonk. My 16 month olds think you put it face down and put the fish in the big mouth at the back, or just chew on the fishes and they struggle to line up the fishes and the slots so maybe it will be of some fine motor benefit.<br />But it looks pretty."
I purchased 12 of these exact same ESC's from ebay and 5 of the 12 are dead on arrival.......
Not as well made as I thought it would be
Cheap made not sturdy on drone
This is a piece of junk. The stand is so tight the globe won't spin. There is a screw missing that should hold the globe on to the stand. The globe is in 2 pieces that don't fit together properly. This was a gift that wasn't opened until after the return window was closed.
These stickers lose their scent in just a couple days. Not like the ones I use to get from school in the 80's. So sad...
Well I know I and a lot of others were waiting for this bird to hit the market and see what kind of reviews it would get after July. I see now I'm glad I waited. I'm not going to put that kind of money into one of these until I start seeing positive comments from consumers about the copter and the manufacturer/distributor. I hope they understand the the power of Amazon reviews.
I bought this to hold playing cards like pictured but the cards fall over. It is only good for dominos
"Its not easy as it looks in the video, gave up after a half a weekend of trying. Power is too low compared to weight and I am not sure if it will even work in ideal circumstances. may be I got defective piece...."
"Good price, but these cups were awful, the lids either didn't stay on or you couldn't get them off to fill them up.  And none of the straws worked, we had to replace with different straws."
One of six Ravensburger puzzles purchased as new at the same time.  Five of the six (not sure of the sixth yet) had pieces missing.  Wont buy brand again.
"1/5 would not buy again. I'm thinking of 'sesquicentennial'. So far it's up to question number 6,394 and it's best guess has been 'That feeling you get when you wake up in the shower clutching an empty bottle of hot sauce and wearing a kaftan smelling of dried raccoons.'<br /><br />Help me. I can't stop."
This toy is an absolute piece of garbage.  I was beyond disappointed when I opened it up.  Even a small child would find this toy to be useless.  I can't believe how much I paid for it and then on top of that the shipping was outrageous. It was listed as a Prime item with no/low shipping rates but I was charged $35 shipping from China. WTF?!?! To add insult to injury when I went to return it I was told that it was too late to return it. I shouldn't be writing this review because it's only making me angry all over again.
Very disappointing product
Very cheap product that scratches and cracks easily. I do not recommend and it will last you a month.
Ordered this figure but was given super mutant. Had to cancelled right away.
very poor quality only lasted a couple of hours in the pool before coming unglued
Received it and would not take off even with fully charged battery.  Returned.
Super fragile and hardly ever worked. Waste of money.
"No extra pen with it, that was a cheap way of promoting  the item and get extra 2 dollar for nothing cause its already cheaper without that extra pen by 2 dollars."
"So far of the two we have used, one only lit up with no music or turning.The second hand the lighting and music but again no turning. The second one also had the music playing for days, we found it still playing music in the trash can two days later as I set it out on the curb."
Her hair does not turn purple
First of all this is not the toy story dog. It's the original dog and they put a sticker on the box that says ts3. Gave it to a little boy for his birthday who was really excited about it and he pulled it and the legs fell off.
Doesn't hold up well. :(
I love fairy tail but this wallet is a disgrace.. I just got it in the mail today and I'm returning and getting a refund. I suggest you buy this wallet if you like cheap quality.
This jacket did a fine job of supporting my 70 pound child in the water. I was a bit surprised to receive the yellow/orange as apparently I didn't read closely enough to see that this came in multiple colors. My fault.<br /><br />However I was EXTREMELY disappointed that after less than 1 hour of using this in a swimming pool it had already formed a 1 1/2 inch rip on the back neck seam where the fabric meets the trim. My child wasn't doing anything strenuous...no jumping or rough housing. I returned the jacket the next day because I knew that if it could rip that easily after less than 1 hour it would not last much longer.<br /><br />I did lots of research before buying this and I'm very disappointed it is so cheaply made. The fabric needs to be thicker or else this will continue to happen.
I am very disappointed with this Product.  1.) no where does it state it something that you have to texture it 2.) put it together and 3.)paint it. With shipping this cost me a total of $15 and all you get in a flat piece of plastic that has white piece to punch out....and the cutting is pretty piss poor to boot.  DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT better off going to a pet store and buying a fish aquarium piece.
"Bought 2 of these for an upcoming trip and 3 zippers broke on 1 bag, and 2 zippers broke on another bag.... worst product ever! Had to throw away both bags. POS!"
Did not last long.  Very hard to use.
Not as fun as I expected . Hard to play as a family
is not with USA Flag
"this is the biggest waste of money ever, broke the first day i bought it. the only reason that i wish that there was no 0 star rating is because the lights on the car are cool."
Not worth it<br />Don't buy<br />they are to flimsy<br />only worked for a day<br />circle is now triangle<br />the wire inside is not holding shape<br />I wanted to return but unable do to the 30 day policy I ordered but waited to give daughter for bday which was to late. :(
I wasn't too happy with the order.  One of the batteries was missing and on the tunnel one of the springs was missing where the batteries go so it wouldn't work. I was going to send it back but I bought a battery for the helicopter and I think my husband was able to fix the other problem. The tunnel doesn't stay together very good so we may have to glue it.
These packs are teeny tiny!<br />Straps are super short!
They discolored quite rapidly... they are now white!
I have purchased this item 3 times in the past year and the ramp keeps breaking. My son likes it but doesn't use it enough to justify the consistent broken part.  Would not recommend trying to find there customer service now to get a refund. Very disappointed
"What a rip off.  A magazine quality picture was pasted onto a cheap pinata and I'm embarrassed for anyone to see how ripped off I was.  And the folks selling this know it cause there was no reciept, no way to return it.  OMG, the joke is on me."
broke within a week.
No. Just no. I ordered the deathclaw and I paid for the deathclaw. I just got the Brotherhood of Steel guy today. The box was crushed and I really expected more. I enjoy these Pop! Figures but I'm never going to order another one again
Worst buying it came without the main board
$8 for one. Very disappointed. I thought it was a 3 pack according to description. And the pony's tail broke off after 2 days.
This was in no way as described and looks nothing like the photo. I returned it for a full refund.
"Both pens broke within 1 day of use.  Stopped shocking people.  Tried new batteries to make sure, it was the product."
"Does not color hair as expected, ended up using a spray color instead."
Horrible!
Broke almost immediately but too late to return because we had it sitting in the closet wrapped for a birthday gift for a long time.
"It looks like you are getting three shovels. ... you get one, mediocre  quality shovel.  I was disappointed."
Figurine was a counterfeit and arrived in terrible packaging.
Did not fly
"Don't waste your money! I ordered this because of the great reviews on here.<br />The wings are very flimsy. After 10 minutes of flight and once crash the wing broke in half.<br />Yes it's easy to fly, but not durable at all. This is the second Hobby Zone plane and my last."
"It's dangerous and I'd return it if I could.  The duck sits so high above the water it is nearly impossible to get on it without it toppling over.  Since you would be next to the edge of the pool when getting on the Duck and it does flip over/topple EXTRMEMLY easily I'm always afraid the kids will fall and hit their heads on the concrete edge around the pool.<br />I wouldn't recommend this to anyone who wants to actually sit on it.  This is simply for decoration only and shouldn't be allowed to be consisered a toy, it is DANGEROUS!"
it was broken/
Incredibly tiny (picture uploaded) The amazon picture is very misleading making it appear as if this box has a decent size. Also it is hard to open. I don't know if its because it is new. This box looks like a toy so I may as well give it to the children to play with!
I bought 2 packs for my class dance performance. One pack was great. Good size for my student's heads. The other pack was adult sized caps. Way too big. Also the bandanas were mouldy on one side. The whistles don't really sound like a train. Unfortunately I live in Australia and can't afford to  return by post ( very costly ) and then order another set and pay postage again and hope that they will be child sized caps.<br />Very disappointed !
The pens are dry and the book is cheap.  Only reason it was bought because of the theme.  It was sent back.
"Does not even point.  Literally, a non functioning compass.  UPDATE:  They sent another one after I returned their defective item?  SAME DEFECT!  TOTAL GARBAGE."
I crash landed onto soft carpet and it broke. and i only had it for 2 days
This is a piece of trash.. don't  waste your money pieces won't fit the wholes... I went to return it and it cost 12 dollars to send it back. Send an email to the seller waiting to hear back from them. Stay away from this product and also from tho seller who is selling trash online.
not the same rubber bands they were hair rubber bands
Tipped over easily and the sun shade didn't stay up. Not a good design and am sorry I bought it.
This was a waste!  It only pushed air a couple of feet.  Gave it to goodwill!  Don't waste your time.
Its very cheap toys
"I preordered this blaster with Humans versus Zombies (HvZ) in mind (somewhat to test if it was actually too powerful to use for a game), and got it today from the post office.  Out of the box I immediately lost one of the small foam balls. Not because I dropped it, or something like that, but because I loaded the blaster and fired it once. The power of this blaster is real, and also the ammunition bounces. I have yet to go test it for range, but at short distances the accuracy is insane in comparison to any other nerf blaster I have. As far as I can tell, this will definitely reach advertised ranges.  As for the ammunition, it's very soft and doesn't hurt on impact (point blank shot at foot), but I'm unsure about how it would feel on the face, since due to the power of the blaster I'm still hesitant to fire it at my cheek (ultimately a necessary test to see if it's safe for HvZ). As such, the ammunition itself is probably one of the best kinds I have ever come across in terms of safety.  Now, while the blaster is VERY powerful, there are reasons I have given it 3 stars instead of 5 stars:  First off, let me just say this is NOT a blaster for smaller kids. At all. Despite being a Nerf product, pulling back and priming the blaster is very difficult and not smooth at all. It takes a significant amount of effort in order to actually prime it. After priming, of course, comes firing the blaster. This. Is. Loud. To put it in terms of how I feel it would perform in a game of HvZ, you would use all your ammo up fending off zombies after firing this blaster ONCE. It is not a gun for stealth, whatsoever.  Despite it being juxtaposed to the other flywheel alternative (which from my understanding is also very loud), this blaster could not be considered a sidearm. It is about as large as blasters come, probably a little less about the size of an EAT, and bigger than the Retaliator. You could not (reasonably) have this weapon in a sidearm holster without hindering your movement. My largest complaint about the design is the fact that the blaster itself is extremely unbalanced, with the back of the blaster much heavier than the front (from the handle forwards) is. Without bracing the back against your arm or something like that, it will feel awkward, and it's a tad too short for me to shoulder it comfortably.  Another thing to note about this gun is that, while it isn't a problem for me, it'll pose more of a problem for people with smaller hands. I have large, spindly hands. Hands that are just barely too big for the extra large latex gloves I wear for labs. With my palm, I'm able to release the magazine/clip (i'm not sure which one it is) by pushing the button, but I know that it'll be much more difficult to release with smaller hands. If you can release it, the clip/magazine will drop out with only gravity, so you'll have to be careful of accidentally dropping it, but it can also be very helpful for quick reloads.  While a lot of these cons are minimized for me due to my stature, I can see a lot of these design issues presenting problems for people who have shorter arms, smaller hands, and young children. As for anticipated usefullness in HvZ, I don't see myself missing a shot due to blaster failure, or the inherent inaccuracy present in these blasters.  If purchasing for an adult with adequate arm strength and long arms, take this review as if it was a 4.5/5 star blaster, with the balance of the blaster being the only issue.  EDIT 1 (August 10th, 2015): I have to say the blaster started jamming a lot and now has been rendered inoperable, with no jam door available, I can't get the small ball out, and I can't do anything about it. The construction of the blaster has also revealed shoddy worksmanship as an attempt to open up the blaster with a screwdriver revealed that about half of the screws were stripped and I was not able to unscrew them to try to unjam it from the inside. Long story short, I'm reducing my rating from 3 stars to 1 star based on how long I have had this gun before it was rendered inoperable."
"Squares started popping off almost immediately upon arrival, especially the square covering the screw"
Quality is very poor. Comes straight from China.
Works terrible. Can't even use it. Threw it away.
Didn't work when I took it out of the box.
The batteries were dead.
"I don't know why the toy cos can't just leave good things alone (okay, I know why - $$$$ - but still). This is &#34;classic&#34; chutes and ladders except with My Little Pony. Problems are that the ponies themselves fall over every second b/c they're on hind-legs and lightweight, cheap plastic, and there are silly &#34;rainbows&#34; that you're supposed to stand on the board to give the players another option (i.e., to ride the rainbow in addition to a chute or ladder). I wish I had the version I owned when I was a kid b/c this is flimsy and cheap looking (and much smaller) than the old days. It's unbelievable how they cut corners these days. So sad."
Barbies hand went right thru the material
This was a huge pain to put together. You have to drill the screws through plastic with no holes pretty cut. I finally get it all put together and the thing leaks!!! Why are people rating this 4-5 stars when they have to go buy an additional product (sealant) and fix this table just to make it work?!
"This product doesn't even deserve one star -- very disappointing not only because it doesn't look anything like the picture shown but it also doesn't &#34;twist&#34; and certainly doesn't interest my husband who is suffering from Alzheimer's Dementia.  Very, very incorrect advertising and a waste of money!!"
Totally disgusting 😷
Purchased to get autographed by Ralph Macchio.  Arrived with package dented and unfit for autographing or display.
Waaay too small. Had to buy sticker paper and print my own.
Nothing but jams! I sent it back!
I did not receive the Elsa Classic Doll as shown in the picture. I received a cheap foreign knock off doll that looks like it took $2 to make. The doll is poorly made and packaged. Her box is labeled &#34;Anna&#34; (even though it's an Elsa doll) and has foreign writing on it. She has bald spots and isn't even secured down in her box.
To small and I paid too much. My boy was not happy and neither was I.
My grandson loves it!
Card was in Spanish
"I would not recommend purchasing this set of toys. These toys are very cheaply made. They are fine if all you're going to use them for is decoration. The beads on the giraffe don't slide very much because of the corners of the wood around the neck and the wheels don't even turn. If it didn't cost $7 for shipping fees, I would return it."
Emoticon sticker on the chest of Baymax came folded underneath so only half of the face on the last emoji in the top row is showing and it can not be fixed. Very disappointed. Was really looking forward to adding this to my collection.
"Do not buy this!!! Serious its not worth wasting your time when you could build your own for $2 go to 99 cent store you can get tape, ribbon, and bags for $3 WOW SUCH SAVINGS without cost of paying $5 for shipping. You could even build one way larger than the tube it require little more work but trust me its worth your while. I bought this because why not, well this thing never flew besides the wind picking it up. I did some math and this balloon way too small to float unless your in cold weather with full sun like Big Bear. The minimum size needs to be 1Mx4M or 3feet by 12 feet. anything small you better wish upon the stars the wind will carry it away. So think about it buy one and never see it fly unless you fill it with helium or build one for less and actually enjoy your creation float or fly away."
Awful. Cheap looking and doesn't come close to the picture on the store. Don't buy it!
I have purchased Melissa and Doug vegetables a while back and was thoroughly impressed so I decided to order the fruits. These fruits came from China and they smelled very bad like chemicals and also were not in Melissa and Doug packaging. The fruits are soft and flimsy compared to the real Melissa and Doug vegetables I bought from a store. I feel completely jipped as these did not come with a packing paper for returning. I will be throwing these away bc they dont seem safe at all  for my 19 month old. They are made from styrofoam!!!! The cut one is the crappy orange that came with the set.
"This is a terrible toy. It is a cheaply made, plastic tube that resembles a microphone. I will not give it to my 3 year old grand daughter because I know that it would shatter if dropped. It simply plays silly, short electronic tunes. This toy DOES NOT magnify a child's voice."
"We received Elsa and my daughter was ecstatic - until within a few minutes after opening, Elsa's arm broke off. Really disappointed as these aren't cheap. Maybe this is why I couldn't find them in stores?<br /><br />Don't waste your money."
Don't buy this crap! I regret buying it..... The inflatable pool itself stinks real bad smells like tires and the smell won't go away.... Also where you attach the Water hose that stuff only lasted 5 mins and POP it came Unttached it was really frustrating having to attached over and over again within 1 min or just even seconds. My child didnt even enjoyed it at all. So overall I practically lost my money here. 😪 if I could say 0 stars I would but U have to put a star at least 1.
Red penguin didn't work.
cheap
"very cheaply made, the buckle is plastic and hard to close"
size is very deceiving.  looks like penny machine toy
Nothing like the picture. I wouldn't buy it from my experience.
Set is a good value for its price.<br />My issue is the horror factor. My boyfriend saw this and nearly urinated himself. The minifigures are just too scary.<br /><br />It's a kids toy for heavens sake. Tone it down lego. My gawd.
Does not work
The product is not useable. The pieces are junk stuff someone wanted to make money on.
"I'm sorry, but it doesn't work at all. I checked it out twice, using 2 AA fresh batteries. I don't know, what is going on. I think, it has manufacturer's defect. Anyway, thanks a lot. Eugene P.S. I think, before shipping, the seller should check the working condition out."
"The balls kept falling out of the cage because the wires were too far apart.  Also, the cage door is very hard to open.  And right from the box, some w the numbers are already fading.  Not worth the money."
I got 50 of the same card and absolutely no rares. I think I only received like 10 uncommons.
This float lasted one day before the seam started to leak. I was very disappointed. It seemed to be a good quality and our grandson was very excited about it! It could have been a fluke but I'd be afraid to buy another one.
"I LOVE squirrels, and i have the squirrel underpants cardboard figure as well. I ordered this thinking that it would be a terrific and funny car air freshner. What i got was not anything i expected. The paper on either side of the cardboard was peeling off so you can tell the picture of the squirrel was just glued on=/<br /><br />The smell is horrendous. Even if you think its funny, please don't order this product."
Quad refuses to bind to controller regardless of where it is placed or what order you turn them on in.
"I ordered brotherhood of steal funko and received this. and i had pre ordered them a long time ago. and now the the brotherhood of steal one is 24 bucks.  had also pre ordered the vault boy and received the ghoul instead, and the vault boy is also 24 bucks now. Seems odd that both items i had ordered i did not receive and they are the only ones to be expensive out of the fallout series funkos. i am very displeased."
"When I bought this item, it wasn't even a week and the strap broke.. I was so disappointed with this purchase."
This thing could not hold a charge and clip was broken. It never worked
Crayons arrived in pieces.
Arrived cracked on the bottom and they are not nesting dolls. Super disappointed.
To difficult for an adult to put together
"Amazon at it's finest, listing a Female Vault Dweller and then you get this, the Deathclaw. If you ordered the Brotherhood of Steel figure too, you'll get the Super Mutant instead. Great job Amazon, great job indeed!<br />All in all, the Deathclaw isn't bad but perhaps if you order the Deathclaw, you'll get a vault dweller instead. It's anyone's guess."
product ripped on first attempt
Was disappointed. Item could not propel me into space as claimed
"you need to pay extra money to buy ant! it's a not fun toy, waste your time."
Barbies hand went right thru the material
"Sand bag was broken, and the base was broken so the sand comes out."
none of the parts fit
"Compared to VTech's prior book, Rhyme & Discover Book, this book, the Musical Rhyme Book, is inferior.  It seems like they are relying on the high quality oh the prior book to sale this piece of junk."
Would not recommend buying this toy. Bad quality. Disappointing.
"This game gets one star ONLY because I am required to give it at least that. Honestly, if I could, I would give it no stars. It was quite boring and we couldn't make it through the first round. I was expecting a game more centered around the book but it's NOTHING like the book at all. I was very disappointed and wish I had saved my money to buy expansions for another game I ordered at the same time. The cards are flimsy and will tear easy. The blank cards are supposed to be filled in by each player at the beginning of each game but it only comes with a set amount. What are you supposed to do when you run out of blank cards? Same with the other consumable items in the game. I see no options to purchase extras, so once they are used, the game is useless."
broke after first use.
"I only received one blaster, not 2 as advertised"
I ordered this but received the ghoul instead I was wanting that one anyway so I ordered this one again and will update my review if and when I get this one.
Missing a piece :(
"Received my puzzle, finally put it together only to find out 1 piece was missing."
I bought 2 and BOTH have slow leaks in outer ring of toy. Horrible purchase!!
Very tiny. Had to return
These stopped working after the third use.
"I bought this as a &#34;desk fidget toy&#34; for staff that come chat with me, however within 5 minutes of my first visitor the first day I brought it in, the plug came out and small balls popped out of the hole. Considering the person was only squeezing it softly, I was disappointed in the lack of quality and time it lasted. Returning for refund."
The back of this plush popped open within 10 minutes of taking it out of the package. Instead of returning it I sewed it back together with double stitching.
This product is junk. It had a hole in less than five minutes. I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased it because everyone posted a similar dissatisfaction. I am disappointed that Amazon even markets this product because it is a complete rip off. My eight year old bought it with her own money and was so sad when it deflated as soon as she tried to play with it. Do not waste your money!!
The floats are great
"DO NOT BUY! This is the WORST Slip & Slide ever! Bought this for my kids and the Directions stink, it doesn't tell you if you fill the ramp with Air or Water!!?? We filled it with water, which took FOREVER to fill up. Then you attach the hose to the side so the water comes out like a sprinkler but it doesn't stand up straight so the water just lays flat and sprinkles a little. The kids used it for maybe an hour and the Ramp tore at the seams! WASTE OF MONEY & THREW IT AWAY AFTER AN HOUR!! My Poor Kids were so Disappointed!"
Impossible to assemble. Need help!!!
"I was disappointed, this is  not worth 20 dollars.<br />I want my money back. 😡😡"
It broke the 1st time the baby played with it.  One of the front plastic strucks split.  Sent it back. Not sure who this was designed for.
"Didn't grow at all.  Maybe it's my altitude/climate (I was living in Colorado when trying it), but the product should state if it has such specific locale needs."
"Get Libertalia for the same mechanic with a Pirate theme, The Adventurers for the Indiana Jones theme or Jamaica for a pirate racing game.  Even Citidels is a better game than this and I'm not a huge fan of that one.  Love Letter is similar and faster and much better.<br />We didn't even quite finish out game we disliked it so much.  Very much rich get richer and once you're ahead, that's it."
Returned it due to missing antenna.
Many of the balloons did not hold water for long because the prefixed rubber band used for tying it off was two loose so water seeped out
I had to return this item. The ponies wouldn't stand up and the rainbows wouldn't stay in place on the board. I don't know if the one I got was defective or that's just the way it is.
"I found this product hard to put together.  When I put it together the seat wobbled because the bolt didn't fit correctly. Apparent the seat is adjustable, which seems impossible since it was such a pain to out together in the first place. The push handle spun or didn't sit straight which made pushing straight very difficult. The sun visor is nice and provides shade. The side rails are a great way for little ones to not fall. And yhe basket in back is nice. But overall, my experience was poor. We used the bike about 4 times. Each with distress. It's been sitting in our garage unused since.  I would not recommend this product to other people, especially for the price."
Listen to all the reviews that say the fur flies all over the place. It's true. Not suitable to give a child. The fur just keeps coming off if you shake the toy or pull on it at all.
Broke
these are not what i was expecting to receive. =\
The cube fell apart shortly after my son started playing with it.  Returned for a refund.
"Cute but very poorly made. I feel that the little horse head will fall off and entire covering will unravel and fall off pen after 1-2 uses. The head part is wobbly after just taking it out of wrapping. Cute idea, not well executed."
"Unless these are for children, don't waste your time. Purchased as a fun hand out for our canoe trip. Could hardly squeeze them on my face, they broke the second time I tried. WAY to small or any adult to ever wear."
I also received a Deathclaw instead of the Female Lone Wanderer???! :(
Unfortunately these never arrived. I was purchasing them for my special needs son and they seemed like a great therapeutic tool.
"I gave it 1 star. They looked nice, but that's all it was... nice looking. I ordered these for our family reunion picnic & had to cut the 3-legged race from the itinerary. These were terrible. They broke after 1-2 races. Very disappointed."
The box was to hold 5x7 recipe cards and it does not.
Got decieved!! Not the actual size!!! Should put the right description!!!
"Not even close to 120cm. Much much smaller. Shipping ruined the bear, it was vacuum sealed and damaged the fabric. But elsewhere."
Very bad
The only reason I repurchased this crappy backpack is because my son really loved it even though it fell apart so soon. He was so upset. Do yourself a favor and get something else!
Order was shipped and delivered on time. Item does NOT work in water and seems to have an electrical short. I would not purchase again. Very disappointing for our grandson. 😒
"Doesn't fit the standard mat that I bought and the bottom cap broke off when I put a lower quality mat into it. I was forced to super glue the bottom cap onto the tube and works fine. Personally I think it is a good idea to make it prismatic, but please make note that the customer is always right and would spend more money on your product if it was better quality. Falty product. I won't be buying another one."
Batteries lasted less than 1 minute each.
These look very cheap and are so stiff.
"The truck hasn’t worked properly since opened.  The problems started with the controller handle not communicating properly with the truck’s receiver on reverse mode.  This was followed by battery cable connection having a very loose fit, which causes it to constantly be disconnecting.  This caused the truck to stop running, as expected.  The last issue has come to be the battery failing to charge.  The product doesn’t work at all now!  If you're not planning to open it and work on it yourself, don't buy it."
notwerthit
"I was completely disappointed on the item I received. I purchased this to replace a Lelani Hula Doll by KC I had gotten about 3 1/2 yrs ago. After being in the sun all day, every day, she was starting to show some wear (slight fading and the grass skirt coming apart). What I received from &#34;shophawaiishop&#34; wasn't even close to what is pictured or near what my original Lelani doll looks like. In every aspect it is a cheap and dishonest representation !  The skirt came apart immediately. She is bizarrely disfigured along with the artistic details and colors being horrific. The color of the replacement is so far off, it's bizarre. The Lelani that I have had for 3 1/2+ years and sitting in the sun relentlessly still has significantly brighter colors than the (cheap/counterfeit) brand new replacement. The proportions of the new doll are odd as well, her mouth is so small that even if life-size she would only be able to consume food through a straw...... Not to mention, her head looks like it was placed in a vice.<br /><br />  KC Hawaii has been the standard for &#34;dash-board&#34; dolls and I can only imagine this is quite frankly a counterfeit, or that KC Hawaii will no longer exist in the next coupe years.......<br /><br />  Will send back immediately for refund !"
The Navy anchor is so off center on the front of the coin that that it cheapens the overall look.  As a Navy Veteran I do not carry this coin. I also purchased the Marine Challenge Coin for a friend and it looks great.
"Doll came with broken leg. However, the box appeared to be unopened so it may have just happened naturally by no fault of the seller but still dissapointing for the price. =("
"Love the toy and all, but my son used it less than a hand full of times until it started falling apart."
"Too small, toddlers don't like sleeping on little beds because they need more space to move. My 3 year old like the design but hate sleeping on the bed. He hits his head on all the time on both edges ( the 2 red corners)"
The motors have acted up since we got it....some spin sometimes....sometimes not.....have only used it a couple times ..sent out an email but no reponse yet
That's Mario not avengers and one of those little dude is wearing a Russian hat... Ok
It's only $19.99 on the Toys R Us website. There's no point in spending $35 for this.
All dried up. What a disappointment
It came broken!  Waste of money!!!! Zero stars it that were possible!!!
My daughter has this game but the rainbow and ponies are 3D. The one I received today is not and nowhere near as nice. I'd like to return it. I wouldn't have purchased this if the photo had been accurate. It depicts the three dimensional game.
"I brought it for my two years old daughter , she drags  and bend it  until the tent couldn't stand. The tent it's too light.  It looks pretty,  but it's  a waste of money."
Didn't work....I wasted my money
"Received these cones with seven of the twelve items cracked and/or broken.<br />The plastic is very thin and brittle.<br />Unless you're looking for a cheap product to destroy (target practice, etc.), look elsewhere."
"The picture is misleading.  You do not get eight pokeballs and a Pikachu; just one pokeball (the red one in the center) and a Pikachu.  My son bought this in order to get a Master ball, but it was not included.  Very disappointing."
Magnet isn't strong enough to really move the balls and divots aren't deep enough to keep the balls in place long enough to create a design. Maybe adults could be successful with a lot of patience but this was absolutely frustrating for our kids.
"PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!  It is a bootleg!  Why?  First off nendoroids' origin should NOT be from China; they should always be from Japan.  Secondly when you buy this, the money is not going to Good Smile and it's going to some scalper whose trying to con people.  And you're not supporting the artists that make these figures.  Please research products before you buy them.  It maybe cute and all, but it's not supporting the companies.  This nendoroid in particular is rare because it's a very old one; same goes with the Ciel one too.  Only use sites such as ami ami or the good smile company's OFFICIAL SITE for rare nendoroids.  Otherwise you will get scammed!  Buyer beware!"
Zipper on bottom broke only after a week of owning this.
"when I ordered this it was labeled 'deathclaw' and had a photo of a deathclaw, but since that point the photo changed but the name did not and I received a brotherhood of steel figure, which is cute but not what I wanted."
It breaks when you crash it easily
Sucks
"Horrid quality, I'm actually appalled that I paid twice as much as the original cost, just because there are crooks out there who want to buy up exclusives and make a profit. Don't bother buying."
Very thin.  Hold torn in it before it was even used.  We handled it carefully and it just was not good quality.
launcher and bey broke within the first hour.
"I ordered the Funko POP Games: Fallout - Lone Wanderer Female Action Figure. But sometime between placing my order and shipping, the page changed from the Lone Wanderer into the Deathclaw and the Deathclaw is what I received. Not cool."
Very tiny
Very cheaply made plates and way over priced.
"The first purchase didn't dance it just played the music, ordered a replacement and that arrived and did actually dance but didn't play music unless tapped fairly hard and even then it cut off.  Extremely disappointed as it was bought as a gift well in advance and a month later I still don't have a working version. Idea is great but product has a cheap feel to it. Actual dancing motion is a bit naff as well. I'd suggest ordering a more expensive version to feel satisfied."
"Super disappointed in this toy.  It looked like fun but was defective right out of the box.<br /><br />When we took it out of the box, 9 of the balls were defective and will not stay in the up position.  Since the first thing my child tried to do with it was put all the balls in the up position, this defect is really a big one and ruined the fun for us in minute one.<br /><br />Totally bummed and disappointed about the quality of this toy."
Very disappointed. Box was tear in the top.
"Do not buy this product!  It is horrible!  The product falls apart and does not stick.  It looks like you can easily send cars down the ramp into the tub but you can't.  There is a plastic piece that prevents it from happening.  When you do release the plastic piece the entire thing falls off the side of the tub.  There are very few toddler bath toys out there, but this is definitely not one of them!  Keep looking elsewhere!  I am very unhappy with my purchase and wish I could have returned it and received a refund."
I ordered 2 wubble balls with pumps and neither of the pumps worked. So my kids have 2 flat wubble balls. Not a happy customer.
"Comes from overseas, has basic oriental directions, nothing in English, doesn't connect well."
"I don't find the music or noise of the toy too loud as other reviewers complained.  There are two volume levels, although the higher setting is needed when the balls pop in order to hear it.  I like that the balls roll out of the dino's mouth, so they don't shoot out fast or go far.  My star-rating is based on the fact that the popping mechanism broke after 3 uses and the toy was already past the return date since I didn't open it right away.  My 7 month-old didn't even get to enjoy the functions of the toy before it stopped working.  Fisher-Price usually makes quality toys that last (I even have some from my childhood 30+ years ago!) but this item unfortunately malfunctioned.  I'm hoping the company will allow me to exchange for a new one since Amazon hasn't given me that option."
Broke immediately. Great sound effects but leaks and breaks easily
1. Fake Front Wheels Which Does Not Move<br />2. The Plastic Part Of The Plane Make It Look and Feel Cheap<br />3. It is really really really Small (Take a look at the picture. It's just twice the size of the 1 dollar hot wheel car)
I did not receive this item.  We received puzzles that were only 1 inch in size and not suitable for young children.
Horrible.....it leans with air in it!!!!
not worth the money....we were not able to tie ONE balloon with this
"I rate this a 1 because I did even get 1 use out of 1.  I was the lucky one to have the one that was going flat about 5 minutes down the river!!!!  And since I was dumb enough to not check them when they first arrived, I am stuck with a tube that will not inflate because I only had 30 days to return."
The right front propeller stopped spinning after only one da
The box that the bobble head is in was greatly damaged the box was smashed which greatly affects the collects value
"I was super excited about this product since a friend has one and loves it. But I got one balloon and then all of a sudden water was coming out of different places and the pin you push down to fill the balloon wouldn't stay in place. And because my life is so chaotic, I didn't get a chance to return it and now that window has closed.<br /><br />Personally I had more luck with the little filler piece that came with the balloons."
"If I could give zero stars, I would. The pet DOES NOT work. My mother (child's grandma) couldn't even get the app to work. We managed to get the pet to work sporadically for a week with my husband's phone, but then it all of a sudden wouldn't let my child record messages. COMPLETE WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY."
His glasses were already broken when I received him. He brakes easily
Battery and charger work but did not receive 2nd battery as described on item description.
Napkin says &#34;I believe in pink&#34; on the back. Nowhere in the description or photo provided is that described. It definitely wasn't what I was expecting for my daughter's birthday.
"Another bunch of fraudulent 5 star reviews.  If you look, all of them have reviewed basically the exact same items.  I do not think I will trust this battery with my $1300 DJI Phantom quadcopter."
"Worked the whole 1,000 piece puzzle only to have a piece missing. So disappointed!!!! Spent whole vacation working on it and have a piece missing."
"I bought two of these for my four-year-old twins. They are tough and durable but take awful pictures unless both the camera and the subject are completely still, which is almost impossible for a four-year-old. And they for some reason come with inane games that my kids (who have limited screen time because of my belief that it is not great for them) are addicted to. After the first day they haven't even been interested in taking pictures, just playing games (which also have annoying music and sound effects)."
Bought this at the local Wally world for under five bucks. It's pure crap. Hard to put together and after we finally got it together the thing wouldn't work. Just junk.
This is crazy why would anyone buy a magic Band on here for $40 when you can get it at the park for 20 the batteries are only good for two years so you have no idea how long the battery will last on this thing they have to activate it when the person buys it
NOT WORTH IT
"So sorry that I didn't pay more attention to the poor reviews than the good ones. Although my granddaughter received this in March, she only used it on her doll a few times. I am now looking at a shredded bodice and at a loss how to fix it for her American Girl dress-up party tomorrow. No matter how I fix it, the top will be tight and shred again. The other seams on the dress are fine. But the bodice is too form-fitting, which resulted in the shredding. Too late to return, but not too late to caution other buyers."
"My eight year old niece played with it for about two weeks. Not a lot of play time because the charge only lasts about 20-30 minutes. That's okay, it gives her a break from it. However, today the leg broke and is just hanging. I will take a look at it tomorrow but if it is not fixable there is nothing I can do. Bought it from Amazon and did not keep the packaging...didn't think I had to. It was a lot of fun until the leg broke."
The battery didn't even last 5 minutes. What a waste of money. Really depressing.
Honestly - I dont want to rant but since I bought two bottles (one is not enough by far) I have to say it turned NOT out the way I wanted it nor turned it out the way it was described by advertisement. AK has to watch what they are selling since this is now the third product which is not according to advertisment. I only mention the new metallic colour series... I did everything as described and the tracks did not turn black as they should. In other words it was a mess cleaning everything up afterwards. Stay away and use acrylics. Safe your money.
Puzzle did not have all the proper pieces to assemble properly.  There were 46 pieces but many were duplicates.  Very disappointed!!
Only half of them inflated... Waste of money
I bought this for my son who's in Kindergarten. He's used it 3 days and already the threads on the zippers are all unraveling. I expected more from a $70 kids backpack.
LEGO Batman Minifigure Black with Gold Belt... very small- disappointed<br /> LEGO
It just can't be used for Baby Alive that we ordered together.
Horrible choice. Not a real ball and it does not stick straight out of the package.
If you plan on wearing it don't. Put it on my finger for about 4 hours and noticed it turned my finger black and  the finish was gone on the ring
they really sound pretty terrible and they are really cheaply made
"Wheels are very small for 1:8 scale, also they fall apart too easily."
the cube I received was no a moyu yulong. it is some cheap made piece of junk.  I will be returning it. BEWARE. DO NOT BUY THIS!
Arrived as an opened package with no card noisemaker. So basically a worthless piece of plastic.
Broke after three uses
It did not meet expectations
HAHA    Thats just stupid    [...]
"Received this set as a gift for my son.  When we opened it, a connector piece for the pole was missing from the set.  We used duct tape to attach the pieces.  The set itself is very cheaply made and does not stand up straight.  The paddles cracked after two days and the ball never swings along the track on the top, but winds around the pole and needs to be unwound manually.  Complete waste of money and a huge disappointment.  Customer service by the manufacturer failed to acknowledge repeated requests for help."
"Ido not buy, serious dissapointment for my son. Missing pieces.discription very misleading."
"Three of them broke, so I sent all three back.  Cheaply made.  Don't waste your money!"
"Very thin, must be meant for single use. Kind of expensive to use once."
"Your add shows a different slide than STL sent. They said you had the add constructed incorrectly. I had to send it back. I was very disappointed. I didn't have the birthday gift I had wanted to give my granddaughter. I had reaearched for a long time and thought I was getting the slide I wanted for a good price. PLEASE, know that the amazon agent who helped me figure out what was going on and how to handle the situation was great. I believe his name is Mitch."
fits a toddler not a young child.
"it comes with very small peaces,not safe for kids"
Junk.  Totally disposable broke the first day it was used.
When you wind the toy up it starts to move and gets stuck in the water until you lift it out.
The switch hot spoilt within one week
Very poor quality. Product stopped working after only 3 months.
"This was a terrible purchase. The app doesn't work unless you connect not 1 but 2 Apple devices. That being said, my cloud pet won't locate the 2nd apple device which makes it a useless and over priced stuffed animal. Don't buy this product"
"I don't know whether this works or not because I could not figure out how to get the battery out of the device to charge it.  The instructions said remove it from the bottom without any hints of how to do that.  I could not budge the battery from the product I got no matter how I tried.  If the rest of the instructions are as &#34;clear&#34; as the battery removal one, I am sure I could never fly it.  Plus, note that this device is only about 6-in. across."
"Way to little for my daughter, no bobbin hence single thread that pulls right out."
"It literally just arrived to my house not 5 min ago. We took it out of the box and as I proceeded to place the very first tent pole into the slot I put it in and the fabric ripped and the tent pole came right out of the top of the castle. The worst part isn't the fact I have to return it or deal with that hassle, it's the fact that my daughter who couldn't contain how excited she was once we took it out of the box now thinks her dad won't allow her to play inside her new castle. It really should be considered a crime that people can legally sell products like this to the public."
Fell apart after being worn a couple of times.
Bought this for my niece work for one day then it started to short keep cutting off thought it was the batteries but it was not so I started to fiddle around it so everytime it cuts off I hav think take the batteries off an put it back in then it wil come on sometimes it wont it wil jus short off so my niece is disappointed am angry cause this product suppose to be a good product better I had buy a cheaper brand !!!
The teddy looks really angry!
Very poor construction. Charger did not work properly and controls are extremely touchy and hard to work. We returned it. Save your money
"Cubes do not turn off. There are no instructions to turn off.  Buttons do not turn them off.  We found an answer online to line up all the cubes and then press any one of the buttons and hold until they all shut off.  Nope.  Quickly hitting a button, holding a button, multiple presses of a button... nope.  Put them away and let them sit, unused.  NOPE.<br /><br />Sorry this is just going to run the batteries out and then, in the trash."
5 pack of connectors arrived missing one of the female connectors so is this a 4 and a 1/2 pack of connectors?
Card was damaged
very cheaply made plates. Way over priced
WARNING: DO NOT BUY IT IS FAKE. Not DC brand and clearly missing detail.
"Ordered this product as a small surprise for my son because he took some time to tell me all about how incredible &#34;Strong Arm&#34; was.  Turns out, I was in for the surprise when he opened the package and informed me it was &#34;Steel Jaw&#34; inside the package...not &#34;Strong Arm&#34;.  Wrong product...right package."
"Used for sand tray play therapy.  These were tiny.  Didn't even open the package, which was the size of a tea bag, with SEVERAL figures inside????  Sent it back asap.  Not miniatures, more like half doll-house sized."
Damaged box unable to display.
Don't buy!
This looks cool. It probably is cool if you are a grown-up who collects these as a hobby. It is not cool if you are a kid and just want to play with a transformer. I'm 35 years old and hold a master's degree in engineering. It took me 23 minutes to transform this with my son.
Did not have all of the parts was supposed to have. Very disappointing as it was not a cheap game.
The label wasn't what it said
"Very cheaply made, does not fit AG doll without a LOT of work getting it on. Sad because my daughter loves the dress just cheaply made"
Very cheap quality mugs. Don't ever buy these. The picture makes the mugs look really cute; but they are nothing like it. Returned them  :(
"These do not look like cats, they look like bears. No whiskers."
LEGO Star Wars Minifigure - Darth Vader... small<br />disappointed
It began deflating immediately. I bought it for a student award but it didn't even stay inflated for one class period. Don't waste your money.
They don't seem to be working as intended.
"Very difficult to get ball to do any of the things it claims to do.  It floats on water...as do most balls.  Getting it to bounce, skip or skim on water's surface takes a lot of muscle.  Not for a 6 to 10 year old."
"Don't buy, buy the original"
second day i put the gabega
They were cheaply constructed and the grommets were a joke
When i got the barrel it would not attach  the right way it would always be upsidedown
Very disappointed that the two packs I ordered are identical.
"This doll was shipped to me in a box that looked like it had been in someone's garage for years.  The doll had not been removed from the box and looked fine, but her actual box was old.  Also inside the box was a large black cockroach that looked like it had been dead for years.  This was supposed to be a gift for my 7 year old niece.  This item will be returned."
"At first I was very impress with the shoes. But after walking in the Wawa parade, the shoes felt apart."
"This product never worked for us. Straight out of the box it wouldn't charge. We tried new batteries, could tell that the power was on, but it still wouldn't charge the spaceman. Absolute waste of money."
The worst thing ever!!!!! Don't buy it!
This is a waist of money. It takes a lot of batteries and you have to keep tapping it to run the motor that isn't strong enough to blow the ink off the pen. Does not work!!!
You do NOT get one Free.
"The box arrived in horrible shape. Large gouges in the box cutting into the plastics and parts of the board are smashed.  Update: while putting the unit together, i noticed a few parts where the holes were drilled in the wrong place. hopefully this is not the norm and i received a defective one"
The tires don't have good gripe
"The box I received is horrible.  It's grey and ugly.  The princess shown are not the princesses in the picture, not to mention a juice box can fit in it.  So disappointed!"
"I haven't bought this item, but the price is outrageous.<br />How do you expect anybody to pay that much for a 1:48 model."
Tail of dog is ripped about 2 inches and you can see stuffing coming out. It's a shame I already threw  the box away. This  was for my daughters b day tomorrow. Never buying any of these again.
It was missing a whole bag of pieces.
you got what you paid ..
My charger failed after 3 uses.
Poor quality
Good idea but very flimsy. It was broken in a few minutes. Not worth the money. I was disappointed for my grandson.
"So I purchased these for my kids as a summer fun thing. It wasn't much fun though. One came with a hole in it. The seller promised to send a new one, but I haven't received it (that was over 3 weeks ago). The other 2 aliens have since gotten holes within the first week and a half of use. My kids weren't too rough, but these aren't for kid play, maybe just a decoration."
"The cards are mostly the ones nobody wants. The picture does not represent what you will be getting. We received 84 basic, 18 stage 1, 5 trainer, 2 energy and only 1 stage 2 card. It is 99 of the cards nobody wants."
This ball was a bust. It broke within seconds of having it out in the pool. The kids put some duct tape on it and hoped it would last the weekend.
The box that the bobble head is in was greatly damaged plastic was creased and the box was smashed which greatly affects the collects value
crap. dont buy. these do not shine at all.
"I was super excited to purchase this game. When I received it, I opened it carefully just as the other reviews stated. I was so disappointed when I tried it for the first time. I couldn't draw anything on the drawing area; everything kept erasing because the film kept lifting. Despite many tries and wanting to like this game, I can't play it at all. I missed the return window as well :("
fake item this is not the real one be careful
There were several pieces missing from the box. Box was damaged when we received it.
This cabbage patch looks white even though it has a stereotypical AA name. I gave it to one of my friends
"I hate to disillusion the faithful, but these are simply diffraction gratings which have been around for decades. They utilize a well known physical phenomenon which has nothing to do with people's auras.<br />If you still want to check out the technology, search Amazon for 'diffraction grating glasses' and save a boatload."
"Super disappointed! Size small didn't fit a barely 4 year old....and she is tiny, still wearing 3T. Bandana barely fit around her head and shirt barely covered her belly. Shirt is also very low quality, the scalloped edge at bottom is just cut and already fraying.  Ahhh...just realized I was sent a 2T. Awesome. Thanks so much Amazon! So apparently it may not run small, someone just doesn't know how to do their job."
"This Nendoroid was advertised as &#34;new, never used&#34; and that is NOT the case. The nendoroid I received was extremely dirty -- multiple marks and obvious signs of wear and tear on the product. The left hip accessory was completely broken, which prevented me from changing between the two accessories. There's dirt on Miku's face, and marks in her hair.<br />Because of the wear and tear, the lower portion of her body refuses to stay on, and constantly falls off. I'm extremely unhappy with this review.<br /><br />I also knew this was a fishy sale because the seller doesn't list their country of origin. Turns out, it's from China. Do not buy this. Very, very low quality."
"We needed to blow up about 40 balloons and over half of what we went through had holes, the latex was stuck together so they ripped or they just popped as we blew them up. We ended up having to rush to buy more locally. Huge disappointment."
Doesn't work.
This was the WORST kit to put together. It did not work  and the parts were flimsy and fell off when you picked the model up. I returned it the same day it came in.
"Cheap. Feels cheap, comes apart easy."
not at all what I was expecting
I bought this for my boyfriend as one of his anniversary presents and he loved it so much until I noticed that it had been open and re-taped also the back of the package was crinkled and as he is a collector and I payed over $150.00 for it and it's not even considered 100% new... It's been opened!!!!! If you consider buying this I would not buy from The Find!!!! They are not sealed and come with damaged package.
Cheap
Looks nothing like pictured. .looks like it should have cosrt $5.00 instead of $34 I wish I had of seen it before I ordered 2nd one for other grandchild... I spent $70 dollars on something that looks like it came from dollar store....Talk about false advertising. IvBulletin wish I could post picture of what I Dr really looks like
Doesn't include any of the stickers advertise there all stickers for little kids
"Working fine for 3 days, then propeller stopped, despite multiple efforts we still can't get it to work!"
Yes! The smell is terrible. It can't be good. Smells like a chemical factory. I tried washing it by hand with warm soap water and there is no difference. It must be the material rather than some sort of coating. Cute idea though.
I ordered 24 & just received 22.
They tasted like wood. Like any other toothpick taste. Not even slightly like bacon.
"One of these worked properly.  One didn't work at all, and one wouldn't turn off until I removed the battery.  (Constant light and sound effects.)  I requested a refund, and the seller responded quickly and refunded the value of the two bad units."
poor quality
The wood these blocks are made from is so soft that it splinters very easily. They should not be given to a child.
Very disappointed. I purchased this tiara to be used as a cake topper for my daughter's 5th birthday. The tiara is broke and also missing a jewel. The jewel isnt even floating around inside the package to be glued.
I returned it.  I didn't read the info carefully.  You have to blow into it to make a sound.  No thank you.
Worked great until I went to open the drain plug to empty the pool after the first day of use.  Drain plug ripped right out of the bottom of the pool.  Won't buy this brand again.
Plastic junk!
Don't wast your money it is not the correct size (to small)
My Vegeta figure came all crushed. DONT BUY!
They all fell apart within an hour of getting them
"My son got this for Christmas, and it started to come apart within the first few days. With not overly-rough use the wings came off, then the arms and legs, and head. The limbs would no longer go back on after the connectors also came off. Requested and got a replacement from Playmobil but the new one had the same issues. Disappointed!!"
To cheap
"Tried to fly with this battery, however, one of the cells were dead, leaving 3 out of 4 cells working properly, plane was unable to fly more than 20 feet, had to repair alot.."
"My child really enjoyed the activities.  However the second time he played he kept getting everything wrong and got frustrated.  Turns out he wasn't wrong, the tool doesn't work.  And he hadn't even played with it 15 minutes."
Only worked two days and broke. 😢
Cannot be used as actual bobblehead. Not made to balance will fall over if head is &#34;bobbled&#34;.
"Read the description carefully.  You are not getting 12 sets of Jax though it says so in the item title.  You get ONE set of 12 pieces (2 balls and 10 jax)  I was very disappointed because you CAN get 12 sets from Oriental Trading for the same price.  Also, the jax are really too big for kid's hands.  Not a practical set at all."
Starting smoking when battery was plugged in. Not usable.  Don't waste your time.
I was under the impression that the machine was in the origional packaging as it was advertised. It was not.
Worst paint smell when I opened the package...planning to return the item...not good for kids....
not as represented
"Purchased the Owl. If you hold it upside down, the water just pours out of it. I thought it would have to be sucked out but it's pretty messy. Also the accompanying packaging states that it can stand. NO WAY! Sorry I purchased it."
What a rip-off! Says it is good for multiple uses - ripped on first use and all the powder dumped out in a pile. Save yourself some money and buy a bottle of baby powder and a microfiber cleaning cloth. THAT worked wonders and cost a fraction.
Made with plastic and no attention to detail. The gear slips out every time. If they put a 1cent washer in where the gear slips out it would be an acceptable product
"Deflated on the first use!!! seriously???  My kids are age 5 and were very gentle with it, on first ride it started deflating immediately. Disappointed hugely!!"
Cheap quality looked like plastic wrap
"It's definitely not the teal color it's supposed to be. I'm a Pokémaniac, and I know that a Snorlax is not bright lime green. This was such a huge disappointment. Not worth buying at all. I'm so disappointed. And to top it all off, not all the legs were filled with fluff. It's a lot cheaper that what you pay for it. I'm very very disappointed in this. I just wanted a Snorlax to cuddle with at night. Such a shame."
Thus pool is cheaper at toys r us. Not made got children to enjoy because it rips at the seems. We are on our third patch.
Item way too small
I'm a little disappointed in this product... it is not a real takara tomy beyblade it is a hasbro duplicate. The color wheel is no see through and stickers... if you are looking for a real takara tomy beyblade this is not one
Tube was flimsy and the strap came unstitched after only a few wearings.
The beard falls off so easily!!
"Even tho this was a &#34;new&#34; item, one of the pieces were missing out of it. I had bought several of the You and Me dollhouse sets for my Granddaughter's birthday so I was not aware of the issue with this one until she opened it."
These do not work. Terrible product. Don't waste your money.
My Holy Stone Mini Drone protective cage was deformed and unusable. I've email holystonetoy@foxmail.com twice with no reply. I'm very disappointed in this product.<br /><br />Brandon Grigsby
I used this for a week and the 7th vertical column stopped working. It was useless so I had to trash it.
Where do I start? The box the figure came in is complete trash. It's dented everywhere and the figurine itself garbage. The figurines head is crooked and the paint on it looks horrible.
It was for my red haired grandson's first birthday but it was a flop because it looks like a girl.
This was the biggest piece of junk.  My kids used it 2 times and the balls ripped and the rackets dented.  I would not recommend it to anyone.  it was a waste of money.  I bought it for vacation and just got back and now it's to late to return it.
There is something terribly wrong with these balloons. They smell toxic. No way would I give these to children. Yuck! I'm so disappointed because they are cute but the smell is nauseating.
"Bought this based on good reviews but the blades continuously come off of mine to the point one of the set screws holding the blade on broke and they do not show a replacement screw or upgrade for the blade attachment. I saw, with a different version. another user had the problem as well. The LEDs do look great.I have requested to return and will go to the local hobby shop and get a more reliable unit with local service and parts."
TOO BIG RETURNED
"They only lasted 10 minutes... Looked like they were made with great quality materials, but they snapped in half after 10 minutes of wearing them!"
"Don't wast your money on this, you just going to be sorry to by those product, like i did"
"In my opinion, this is not a good looking Women Zombie Mask.<br />This mask will fit an adult with an average size head/face, and may even fit really well on some children too. For me, it wasn't hard to see out of this mask, and I didn't have any problems breathing out of it either. Overall, I hate it. This mask just doesn't look good to me.<br /><br />Feel free to ask me any questions in the Comment section. I usually answer all questions on the same day. :)"
"Today was the first time we used our yumbox as it was the first day of school. I packed yogurt in one of the compartments because this lunchbox is supposed to be leak-proof; however, my son brought it home today and showed me that the yogurt got all over the other foods in his lunch, and he was unable to eat it. I am extremely disappointed since it got five star reviews for being 'leak-proof' and I paid $30 for it."
It pops apart too easily and the rubber &#34;hairy&#34; pieces aren't attached so they move around and slide right off. Very disappointed
"It still in the box, nobody could put it together"
"First one Didn't move backwards, replacement worked. Really cheaply made, looked better in picture than actual product. Not worth $35 price. Replacement broke also."
Came stained and faded..... The white was a fleshy pink color and the red was faded into almost an orange color! Very dissatisfied.
Newer revision will not work for Blade Nano QX
My sister wants some lps toys for her birthday... I'm still going to buy because I want to fulfill my sisters wish but I just have to know why everywhere I look the prices are on the high side.
Too small and magnets already falling off back- choking hazard!!!!!!!!
"I ordered this for a special project that required micro grub screws (M2 X 3mm with 0.9mm hex head). Did all my research and just received screws for the project. Tried this hex wrench for fit, much to my surprise it is not even close to the proper size. Definitely not the size it says. I tried another 0.9mm Hex wench in a set (Wiha 26390 Screwdriver Set, Hex Metric With Precision Handle, .7 - 3.0mm, 7 Piece) I also purchased and it fits fine. The quality of this is very poor, the tip does not even have a proper hex design."
"This was a disappointment since our &#34;set of 2&#34; came with only 1 set and we had ordered to share with 2 of our daughters. We thought perhaps the other set was shipping separately, but too much time has passed now and no second set received."
I use it once and it was gone didn't last even a day it's a cheap plastic gets holes before its in pool I gave it one star because it's a good-looking piece
"The &#34;learning&#34; activities on this thing are all really confusing and I seriously doubt a toddler will benefit from them. Every button plays at least two different responses when pushed, usually trying to teach completely different concepts. For example, there are three shapes, but they also have numbers on them. So which is it? A three or a triangle? The piano keys are even worse, playing four different concepts, some of which have nothing to do with music. Then there's the incredibly annoying tunes that play seemingly randomly. Did anyone with any child development training have any input on this?"
"Literally nothing about this model was a pleasure to assemble.<br /><br />My son and I do a model each year for our local fair, we have several projects behind us as a team and I've been tinkering with them off and on for 30 years. I'm no pro and that's a fact but a skill level 2 model is typically well within my limits. This turd though... Pieces don't fit, parts are beyond brittle, we didn't even have the wings on both sides before the hinges had failed. The fair is tomorrow, I have no backup (my fault, not the model's) and I'm looking forward to a very disappointed boy.<br /><br />The end result of this project looks like a war zone bone yard plane after a BAD landing.<br /><br />Seriously, if you're really experienced and have spare parts around and can either fabricate new parts or improvise novel solutions for modeling problems, this kit may be for you.<br /><br />If you're expecting a father/son type project, keep looking..."
Poor quality.  The performance tip is very loose and overall it looks cheap.
I was a good swing until the clasp broke just two months after we bought it. I think the clap design isn't very good.
The bank that i received look used.
I didn't realize the model was WHITE......Ain't nobody got the time to paint. Looks like it will be staying in the box.
Started leaking air after first use.
Didn;t fit even though the numbers on the bag matched the shooter I have. Too lazy to return- so I'm out 8 bucks.
Mine did not have Silver the Hedgehog on it and I have ordered two of these.
This is horrible I thought it was cool but it's not it won't even fly it just hits the ground
"Not worth buying, shipping takes too long."
Kit also all dried up.  What a disappointment.
NFL 2-Pack: Michael Strahan Vs. Donovan McNabb ...disappointed
The inflatable was missing a strap to keep the post upright... We used a string from the net. But pretty disappointing to open it and not have all pieces attached.
Small and don't stay together
Very poor quality.  I have bought three of these.  My rough boys have broken 2 of them in less than a month.  Spend more money and buy something of better quality.
did not work wire was not connected to motor
Broke after first few uses. Cheaply made. Not worth the  $$$
I'm sure the print was probably beautiful but It came in the mail crushed to death. Epic fail 25th wedding anniversary gift.
This truck wheel brock off
"Terrible assortment.  I only have 2-3 white, black, circle, or oval buttons.  My child will hardly be able to sort these.  90% of my bag has flower buttons."
"We packed the sand well and added water to make bricks that would be strong and hold their shape so we could build a big wall! It was a pipe dream. Our tightly packed bricks wouldn't release, so the toy was abandoned."
Don't use the rubber flat
"Not only is the actual product significantly smaller than shown on the box, the sprinkler portion has no water pressure even with the hose turned up all the way. This was a huge waste of money!"
I purchased three motors and all failed one after another within a short period of time as opposed to the exact same motor I purchased locally which continues to work to this day. I can only assume that these are either a bad production run or grey market. I did attempt to get some compensation but was declined.
i had 3 different cars sent to me all of them had the same chasis defects. 1 from amazon 2 from Kyosho all returned.
"Used once, then stopped working. Would not recommend buying."
I was very. dissapointed. They both broke within 6min of playing<br /> My grandsons were both upset
First off this states it will hold 500 pounds. With the blower provided the bounce house doesn't even have a firm feel to it when it's fully blown up. When you add weight to it you start to see creases and drooping threw out the bounce house and that's with a 35 pound child. I added my 100 pound child and he couldn't even get up the slide without the whole thing starting to topple over on him.<br />This is good for the average size toddler but I don't know if more than one at a time would be a good idea.<br />This is not worth almost $500. I'm in the process of trying to get my money back and I suggest you do the same.
Traaaashhhh. This was in shreds within 10 minutes.
"Dead on arrival, bought early as birthday present.  Missed return window, nothing worked, fresh batteries, disappointed, wasted my money."
"horrible, cheap"
Two times returned due to car problems...
Bull crap I can look up the code and but it for 3 bucks charge less geez!!!! 😒 -.-
Popped in first 5 min
Didn't have pikachu or any of the more noted pokemon. Won't buy again. Also not very well done. Most of them are completely unrecognizable as Pok&eacute;mon.
Tears easily!
Very small pieces the looks are decieving
"I adore these sorts of puzzles, so it was very disappointing when I realized it was missing a piece and could never be fully completed."
"Look closely!  1st time around they sent the game in the tin box alright but it had a cheap cardboard starter, unlike the one described. So I just checked the description and it clearly states the (&#34;one with sounds&#34;).  That is the starter shown at left shows a plastic electronic train rest with a push button speaker that makes train sounds!  I had to send the cheap one back without sounds!  They did offer UPS pickup and the printing of a return label.  I will also check that each domino is correct instead of duplicates as mentioned in other reviews.  Check yours out carefully.  And make sure all the rivets are in the hinges too!  Update, after writing on the return ticket wrong item sent, they sent the same item again!  In spite of telling them about the clear description which shows the starter button activated train noise piece and clearly saying &#34;one with sounds&#34;  they sent the same one AGAIN which only had the cheap cardboard starter piece!  Is there anyone up there that can read?  Yes the second one is waiting for UPS to pick it up AGAIN."
Poor build quality. Started leaking after first use. Junk.
"Very boring toy. Snaps cannot be closed by a child, Velcro not very interesting . Overall<br />Not a good choice. You get what you pay for"
"Looks like fun in the pictures, but as stated previously, impossible to stay on. Coordinated adults, pre-teens, and younger kids could not stay on and some barely avoided rolling over and hitting their head on the side of the pool.  I found this toy to be a complete waste of money and major disappointment!"
"Played the game for the first time tonight.  Found it very boring, dull, and drawn out.  Not sure what all the fuss is about.  I want a game with more of a story than collecting gems."
Did not arrive attached to sticks. DIY required. False advertisement.
so tiny and repeatedly falls off wall ! My son was disapointed !
"This &#34;thing&#34; is an ABSOLUTE POS. My daughter (7 years old) was able to play with it for about 30 minutes (normal use) before it stopped functioning correctly. I took a look at it and figured out that the arrow shafts are so thin that they will bend under the force of the bow being released. When the arrow shafts bend, they hit the sides of the firing channel (the channel is meant to assist children in loading and firing it at the right angle). No amount of bending the arrows back helps. The arrow shafts are so thin and flimsy that they buckle under the bows own firing force. The toy looks very fun for a young child but it's just made so poorly and is a total POS. If you want a bow and arrow toy for your child, I would suggest the Zing Air Huntress as a great alternative. It is very strong and will last even under heavy use and will shoot long distances. We own both."
The product arrived in a timely manner but the book was damaged. My kids fell in love with the Elf so couldn't return. Lucky it was not bought as a gift.
Poor quality magnet.  Is not a true Horseshoe magnet.  Only has two small magnet pieces on the bottom portion.
Item would not stop deflating after blowing it up multiple times.  Also the Equator is not even in a straight line through the globe.  Very poor product.
Great out of the box but second time of using doesn't work. Great disappointment as the first use was brilliant 😟
"I needed the 8 cups, as specified in the description. My package only contained 6 cups. Not very happy, as I need these for a party this weekend."
cheap
"Just received my Airfix Japanese infantry...soldiers came in crappy looking green plastic mold...not the tan mold I was expecting, and what appeared on the back of the box.  I would suggest avoiding Airfix 1 72 figures in the Red Box, as they appear to be of cheaper make and quality...as well as not corresponding to the color mold as expected.  Try Ebay for older issue boxes."
"I purchased these during PRIME DAY.  What a disappointment.  I wrapped them and left them for my grand daughter to open.  They did not work, and one of them is scratched-up on the back as if it's used.  I am sorely disappointed with this product and haven't sent it back because it would cost more to do that than I paid for them."
"Trains are very very small and has scary warning, stating keep from children. The film may cling to nose and mouth and prevent breathing. WTW?"
It wasn't but a handful of confetti. Extremely pissed.
Fell apart.
This is such a cute doll and we paid a lot of money for this cute set for my daughters Cinderella birthday party.  BUT the head fell off and Disney will not do anything to reattach it.  They do not offer replacement parts and will not service it. This was a really expensive doll to have break and not be replaced.  Wish I had read all of the other reviews about this same problem happening.
Hard to put together. My 10 yo  granddaughter and 13 yo grandson gave up truing to get the dish put together
This thing was a joke..didn't even try to use it<br />Threw it away
"Poor quality. Maybe the one I received was defective, but the broom had a dust-catching layer on the bottom part of it (as brooms have) that was horrible! If this broom didn't have it at all, that would be fine, but this lower dust-catching layer was so poorly done that it immediately starting coming off and dirtying up anywhere the broom touched. It was such poor quality that it would literally come off just by touching it, so much so that whatever material it touched had very visible residue from it.  Returned the item asap!! A kid's broom shouldn't have such issues!"
This a really bad charger. The charger won't hold the batteries in place for them to charge.
"So bad, uggly and broken"
"Well first of all, I didn't receive an &#34;Awdis&#34; jacket I received a &#34;Befdi&#34; jacket, it had a New York Yankees patch on it covered by a thin piece of felt. Otherwise I GUESS it's fine, arrived earlier then expected and all that but damn, I live in Texas! Where the hell am I going to be able to wear Yankees memorabilia?"
"Low voltage protection is the biggest flaw of this machine. I am a pretty good pilot and I liked this Walkera but the company fails to correct a problem that existed with the last model (qrx 350). Fell out of the sky at 11.1v no control, no return to home nothing hit the neighbors roof. So I bought a new body and parts for it and got it fixed took it for two test flights and hit the throttle stick and it dropped again with a full battery so you tell me. I got a full refund through Amazon and I will go with DJI now."
"The &#34;Pendulum&#34; NEVER  worked correctly, and I spent hrs on nano millimetermeter adjustment of the clock's angle ... I gave up and - in my humble opinion - would NOT recommend buying this. Oh, the clock itself does work - but that is NOT why I purchased this items."
"Inside if box is  dusty and clear window is scuffed inside and out. Maybe these are defective? But if you want to collect and keep them in a nice box like I do, this won't make you too happy. I find it annoying. Toy inside is excellent."
I love the puzzles!! What I don't appreciate is to receive a broken product!!!!
Very disappointed. Didn't work when received so replaced battery then worked briefly before stopped working again.
The wings keeps breaking off while flying! And it lents to one side.... 😡
I would expect something like this to be in the dollar section at a store. They are flimsy and do not float well. Wouldn't recommend buying for this price.
Went through 36 and they all either broke trying to blow them up or had a hole in them. Threw out the rest. Very poorly made. Would not recommend!
really easy to break..fell apart putting them on.
"This puzzle absolutely not a genuine shengshou, nor did it have any sort of springs. I looked at the images here and the cube I received has a completely different internal mechanism. It is a black sphere that the pieces slide on. The pieces are very simply made.The plastic is cheap, stickers are ugly. The turning of a single side is light and smooth, but there is absolutely no corner cutting. One of my center pieces broke at a very thin point in the plastic. Save your money and buy a real shengshou instead. I got ripped off."
"Easy to fill, but must use immediately.  I filled these up for my children to use with a neighborhood group... 15 minutes later they were all deflated of water.  Very disappointing."
It's tiny not toddler size . baby doll size
Terrible!
Takes a lot of effort to get ball to light up. Goes flat very easily. Cheap is cheap
"I bought this for myself a little while back.It's pretty cute and all,but the inside &#34;skeleton&#34; is extremely poor. I only had it for a good week or so,and I only used it for light play and display (I collect American Girl pets).Then,three of the legs snapped in half! The two front ones and the left back one to be exact. I tried EVERYTHING to fix the legs,from strong hold tape to Crazy Glue but absolutely NOTHING worked. I bought another one in replacement for it, and a month later, a leg snapped! I am absolutely disappointed in the quality of the toy. I am quite surprised, considering that American Girl manufactures lovely products. It's not worth buying another one. (I have not had this problem with Chocolate Chip,Toasty or Meatloaf.)"
it stinks if I could give it a zero I would
Doesn't stand up no floor waste of money
Would give zero stars if I could-don't waste your $
"I bought this for my 2 year old son for Christmas, he LOVED it; but by March it was broken.  I tried replacing the batteries in both the train and the remote- nothing happened.  I'm very disappointed as I was expecting AT LEAST a year"
Disappointed with slide.  There is a rip on the seam were the down hill slop brakes off before hitting the cushion
"The hood did not stay up, and the raft is too flimsy for the baby."
Worked pretty well for 5 or 6 flights then wouldn't fly anymore because 1 of the 4 motors quit working.
"Bought this for my daughter's 4th birthday (she asked for a nerf bow, the other models I saw offered were too large for her to hold). It broke right out of the box - the trigger got stuck and would only fire if an adult squeezed very strongly. We ended up getting an Avengers Hawkeye longshot bow as a replacement gift it was size-appropriate and worked perfectly - this one went strait to the trash."
exspensive for only 20 cards
"It's suppose to give you more then one bracelet but I only received one, thanks dick heads. Went to OTRAKC with one bracelet."
All dried up.  What a disappointment
"Do not buy this item.  The pieces do not fit together properly and we were unable to even get the upper microwave door on.  The only recourse is to take it all apart, put it back in the box and ship it back.  It took 2 people over 2 hours to put it together--many parts.  There must be better quality items available.<br />Very disappointing product."
"The red ring disconnects from the ball after one solid piece of contact with the bat. I'll stick with the traditional wiffle ball. With a price tag of over a $1 a ball, I was very disappointed. Aptly named though."
I did not get ones with angel wings I got ones with hearts
Was not happy with this as it did not work every time string was pulled
The first one we bought would not stay transformed into robot mode. The second one worked for half an hour. It is clearly just a flawed design that Hasbro does not care enough about to fix. Do not waste your money or your child's feelings on this toy.
"I am just finally getting to put this puzzle together after getting thru a few others I had.  This puzzle is difficult, which is not a problem, but it was missing THREE pieces!!  I paid quite a bit of money for this puzzle and it is very annoying that I can't finish it or do anything with it.  Can't even contact the maker because the everything in the packaging is in a different language.  So upsetting."
No good for adults at all. Not very well made.
"Once loaded with the required batteries and primed as directed, the first one we received did not draw up bubble fluid or make bubbles as advertised.  Thanks to its internal battery, it did roar, though. And kept roaring and roaring when the trigger got stuck. So we exchanged it for a second one--which arrived with a broken, and therefore empty, bubble mix container, and the whole (gift wrapped) box soaked. Needless to say, we won't be ordering from Imperial Toy again.  Lesson learned - you want junk, go to the dollar store!"
It's cheaply made. The money is poorly made as well. While playing my 9 year old.coulsnt even understand the &#34;contingency&#34; cards! The ideas for the property are clearly made up by someone who does not know anything about alaska. I feel that if one buys it they will be severely dissapointed. Especially if one thinks they are buying alaskan monopoly.
"We just went through 2, neither of which lasted 24 hours."
"I wish there was a minus rating.  I was totally shocked to see this disgusting  insult to woman kind displayed among children's toys.  Seriously?<br />I am shocked at the lapse in judgement that exposes children to these X rated toys.  I was even more shocked when I clicked on it and found the most disgusting display of perverted sex toys imaginable.  Yes, I clicked on it!  I thought my eyes were deceiving me and I wanted to see what my young ones would see if they clicked on it.  it was worse than I thought.  I am not a prude, but I do not want my curious grand children seeing this!  Why is it on the same page with children's toys?"
I thought I was receiving 3 of the bags that included 3 Of the ickees inside with a total of 9 ickees together (like the picture shows) but only received 3 ickees total. Disappointing!
Item way too small
Quick shipping and great price but all cars for the future sales need to be shipped in a box not envelope. Thank you
This did not hold up to three small children playing with it and within an hour it was torn and beyond repair.  A lot of money for so little enjoyment!
Pieces too small.
NO CUPS!!!!!! The product picture is a hoax!
This listing is for 1 yoyo not 3.  No choice in color.  Poor product for the money.  Not recommended.
"I bought this at Toys&#34;R&#34;Us cause I was looking for a Scout Walker now I wish I would have held off, Although you get some nice action figures like a Scout Walker Pilot, two Ewoks, Chewie, Han, Leia, Stormtrooper and an Imperial Officer the Scout Walker itself is garbage! It doesn't stand up well and breaks easily. I'm probably going to wind up taking it back for a refund."
"We had issues with the right amount of product coming in, and then we had one rip the very first time we used it! Ridiculous, especially since they are so expensive! Plus they have about 7 different compartments that you have to fill separately, which gets difficult the more you fill it. It took us over 30 min to fill just 1!"
"The first time I ran this battery in my truck, the case melted down.  It ran so hot, it melted the plastic case entirely off.  Unusable after that."
"The item arrived quickly.  However, this part is very brittle compared to the Flybars that originally came with the Proto CX RTF."
90% of the balloons failed and had to hand tie to save the others wish I could get a refund
"Bottom of bag does not open.  Unable to place items in bag and have it stand up.  Bought to use as gift bag, however even though it fits the item, it will not stand up on its own."
"Snap together model kit for a boat. VERY small and not what i was expecting, requires exacto-knife. Read the description carefully. Huge disappointment due to the size."
"I was so excited to give the to my little girl and initially it's super cute. I wasn't expecting high quality and I'm well aware you get what you pay for, but this broke on the first day and she wasn't even rough on it. The mattress is cardboard, and not think cardboard either. I'm talking the flaps on the box that it came in we're stronger and thicker than the mattress. On top of that the pieces don't lock into place and just looking at it will make it come apart."
This set came in at least 40 different pieces and you need a PhD in mechanical engineering to put it together.  Some reviews say the assembly is easy and only requires putting two pieces together -- this is definitely not the case anymore.  Cannot believe they charge so much for a play house that you literally have to build yourself.
These are very flimsy. They are thin and bend easily. They also don't have a pin on the back but a clip that is so weak it doesn't stay where you clip it. I would not recommend these.
Returned. It came smushed
"Junky, crappy.<br />Way too small (for most hands) to be used as a &#34;relax&#34; ball. Pathetic, random blobs of green don't represent this planet at all! No lat/long lines on product, as seen in some photos.<br />May be useful to extract lead from the paint to make fishing weights!"
Very small stickers thereby not good for small hands.  Pages are small😔
Zero stars..they bust way to easy
horrible
"i have return this product, as there were not assembling as instructed, the handle was loose and while riding it was coming in hand. so disappointing."
Wasted a few hours of my life trying to get this thing off the ground. I was never successful.  Buyers should be wary from the start. Look at the horrible product description that makes no sense. They should invest in workers that can write a good description rather than create crap that does not fly. The instructions make no sense and give no direction. I have no idea how to properly operate this piece of junk. Will be returning this real soon.<br /><br />There is no way this product scores as high as it does based on the unit i received. Either the company is buying the reviews or I received a bad unit.
Plastic was curled and would not stay on the wall. We ended up not using it.
"This game is great in theory, but not in execution. While it does teach colors, shapes, sizes, and counting, it is almost impossible to win!!! We've had this game for two years and it's gotten a lot of play time, but we've only won the game once. ONCE!!! Do you know how frustrating that is to a four year old??? I'm all about teaching my kids that losing happens sometimes, but not every single time. The stink bugs used to be funny and we'd laugh when they got on the rug, but at this point my four year old is so desperate for a win that he's actually started cheating. It's time to leave this game permanently on the shelf and I suggest you do the same."
Super disappointed! These should have clearly said they are too heavy too float. Big waste of money! Do not buy!!
This is not worth your money or your child's time.<br />Pretty much the only thing this &#34;toy&#34; does is make sounds from the show and that is it. No lights and no frills.<br />My daughter lost interest before we even got home
This was purchased as a Birthday gift and when my little one ( who's only 48 lbs) was up on the slide it immediately deflated and she fell......it was torn at the seam. I tried to repair it with the kit but will not hold air :(
not worth what it cost does not deal cards good at all
Transmitter never worked
"While this Pop is beautiful for sure, she's poorly made... in a matter of days on a shelf, both pony-tails broke off... while it's an easy enough fix with crazy glue, Funko's quality is usually much better than this..."
"Really cool, except, where the beck is Free!? He is a very important part of the story. There are three unnamed ghouls and no Fred. My daughter would not understand that."
"I didn't realize how ridiculously small and pointless these toys were. Not worth the money, unless your kid is a collector."
"These balloons did not deliver at all, got them for my daughter's birthday party and only a handful stayed full.  The rest all lost their water as soon as the fell off the attachment.  Will never buy these again. Had to give a star to post, should get negative stars."
"Got this pipe in a trade and WOW its horrible. As the other reviews say no back pressure, which doesn't allow the engine to start properly. Its very loud and offers NO performance advantage WHATSOEVER. Just looks cool that's all. Its made from thin aluminum material in the header, the coupler is cheap and melts easily, and it makes the engine run much hotter. Do your homework and get a Traxxas or HPI tuned pipe for what you need it for."
Bags were too small
ignore all of the 5 star reviews here. I got one of these and it broke after 4 weeks. I sent it back and got another which broke in four weeks.
"This thing is to hev, an the controler not much good , go with the revell model"
I bought this Deadpool plushie for my friend who is obsessed with Deadpool.  I have to say she was extremely disappointed and started making dying animal noises when she received it.  It was about the size of a small water bottle and the paint was already chipping.  The packaging was also distressing as it came in a box twice the size of Deadpool...just think of the environment.  The biggest thing was that it came nearly a month later than indicated...leaving my friend in a state of distress so much so that she now needs therapy!
Item worked great at firsthe but after a few uses it stopped working. Didn't have the original packaging so I was unable to return. Not satisfied
"it popped within 2 days on multiple spots in the seam, meaning it is very poorly made. If the seams were not sealed well in making it then its not going to last on any of them. Which is sad because the plastic it was made out of seemed very thick and durable.<br /><br />There were 4 different chambers that needed to be blown up. EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THEM TORE AT THE SEAM. Very sad Christmas gift."
Came with a hole in it. I've bought these types of pools before and they usually last a couple summers before the plastic gets too brittle and the side cracks. This one though cam already brittle and old. Shame cause I like these better than the inflatable kinds that all the stores seem to have. Guess I'm switching to store bought inflatables though because I don't want to take a chance with another one having a hole. Filling this up to discover a whole and then having to dry it out and roll it back up to ship it back was a huge pain.
It tore the first day.
The bag is bigger than expected and the colour of the bag is not the same (not as bright) as what I view online
I bought a previous Thomas Kinkade Disney 4 500 piece puzzle set. Each puzzle comes in its own separate bag inside the box. I open this box and there are only three puzzles in it. It is missing a puzzle.
"Arrived on time.  Other than that save your money, very flimsy. Spend the extra and buy green one ."
"Does not sprinkle as shown in the picture, garbage!"
"My Bright Beats Dance and Move BeatBo came without the ability to dance. It simply does not move at all like everyone else’s.<br />I have tried changing the batteries with a new set of alkaline one´s. No movement neither.<br />It is a beautiful toy and if you’re lucky enough to receive one fully working I really think your kid will love it.<br />I did call Fisher-Price to see if we were doing something wrong, but they tell us the item was defective and the does not have a replacement, so they will give us a Fisher Price coupon for the cost of the toy after they have received the damaged one. Thankfully I did buy this toy at Amazon because they are pleased to serve their clients, they will give me a refund with no questions asked, and that´s why I will always be their costumer."
"bought twice, used each one once and returned both times because it leaks!  Even tried hatch tape on the second one and still leaked!"
"Really cheap product. We had to nearly break it open to get the Giftcard out because the latch did not open as it should have. A fun way to present a gift, but not worth it."
Got my first one play with it 5min and the gears got mess up. So I return it and got other one. The second truck never run. The battery won't charge.
KNOCK OFF from CHINA !!! do not buy this Elsa Doll
"Terrible! They arrived on time, and are smaller than expected! I knew they were small, but these are outrageous! The paint is horrid! Axew isn't even the color! Don't waste money!"
It's not what I expected.  My son doesn't use it.
"Just got Baymax today and was I disappointed!<br />I am a pop vinyl collector and had purchased this to add with my other Baymax. When I received mine it was 100% FAKE!<br />The plastic felt cheap and squishy, the box was beaten up and not even a Funko box, the line across his eyes was missing and there is no Disney or Funko trademarks on his feet (WTF)<br />I am super disappointed and hopefully will get my money back.<br />FYI don't buy from the sellers from China, it will be 100% fake."
I have 555 balloons and no refill inserter to put them on the plastic!!! As well as a bunch of upset kids. Annoyed to say the least!
Arrived broken and a waste of my 11 year old son's 20.00
No pressure. Shoots 10% of the time.shoots 3 feet when it does shoot
"These bubbles blow! Except not actually, because that implies that you can make actual bubbles when you blow into the wand. They're called &#34;Miracle&#34; because it will actually be a miracle if you manage to make a bubble with this terrible watered down solution. Spend your money on a mix that actually can make bubbles, because this manufacturer's bubble has burst."
The remote to the boat started smoking after being used 4 times and is now not operable. How can I get a new remote?
"i want baby pink, but i received hotpink.."
I ordered a pink and purple one but received a green and turquoise one my daughter was very disappointed !!!!!!
"Dry ink, pens not usable at all. Very frustrating for a child.<br />Had to return."
"After careful examination even with careful packaging, the mini clubs a few arrived cracked.  Not a very good product in terms of quality.  Very small even smaller than I expected.  Used as a giveaway.  Would not recommended this product.  It is disappointing.  Would not recommended for little kids."
Very cheaply made and did not last. Some came apart.
"These are really small, and very poor quality.  The paint smears.  I would not allow my kids to touch these.  I am not sure what is in the paint, and the paint rub off.  After I received the item, I re-check Amazon feed back again.  Notice how many recent low rating.  I didn't see these low rating when i put in the order.  I an not sure how that many low rating equates to 3.6 star.  I am beginning to suspect Amazon is doing fuzzy math to calculate product review stars."
Steering wheel on radio does not steel the truck.
DO NOT BYE THIS DOLL. it does not come with a hat of a panda on the outfit
"Both the guitar and amp were microscopic in size and did not appear to be good quality.  Not at all as it appeared in pictures.  Had to pay for my own shipping and because it was in the middle of nowhere, it cost almost as much as the guitar.  Only good thing is that they did give me a refund."
Bricks were much smaller than pictured
No accessories.  Not the doll pictured.  Very disappointing as it was for my daughters birthday this weekend.
dont go by pics. these are way too small
"I received one tray only. according to the title, what I received is not what is advertised. I am very disappointed in this product. the title is misleading. Please correct title and description. I received only the introductory kit which only has 1 tray (not 12 trays as advertized) and 74 rods. The description is very, very misleading."
"Eh, my son wanted it forever finally bought it first time we took it out to play it wouldn't go in to ball form. Kinda stays in between ball and frisby form. Never played with again"
Looks better in the picture.
worked for 1 week now is in the trash
Leaks!!!
Absolutely disappointing. Outrageous price for a single box of crayons that measures less than 2&#34;x3&#34;.  Many arrived broken.
"The words &#34;SYMA&#34; do not appear anywhere on this copter, the remote, the instruction manual or even the box it shipped in...  This is NOT EVEN a Syma X5C (some sellers are advertising the newer one and then just sending the older one) ; the ACTUAL SYMA X5C-1 says that right on the top part of the body and the X is RED.. This one just says 2.4 GHz in that area....... Also, this piece of garbage flew for one and a half minutes and then two motors burned out.....  Update; Just heard back from the company that sold this knockoff; they had the nerve to offer me a refund of $8.00 and That I could keep this piece of junk that is so clearly a knockoff and doesn't even fly any more...."
i think this bumblebee is a KO item cuz the item's cover has not any proof its brand hasbro and when i trans to car its so diffcult to move on the table
"Cuffs just arrived, they are NOT Schylling handcuffs. Super cheap, terrible quality knock offs. made of some sort of tin I think. Not even what was pictured. See pictures of what was sent to us, NOT SCHYLLING!!!"
Poor construction.  Did not work at all - wiring problem?  Instructions written in China by a non English speaking person were incomprehensible.  Returned.
The battery does not fit my syma x8c so I don't even have a chance to see how long it would last.
"Horrible!! This thing came in and the box was bent ripped and re taped. Once open, I foiling that the car body was cracked the front bumper bent and the window shattered. This is absolute garbage. Save yourself a cussing war and order from someone else. This should not even be for purchase."
Very bad quality and doesn't work. DONT BUYUYYYYUYY. It never exploded!!
"Absolutely will not work with any propeller that is not a pusher with a recess on the top.<br /><br />There is a 0.235 diameter shoulder at the bottom which will prevent the propeller from seating properly, and thus the lower collar can not tighten the collet onto the motor shaft.<br /><br />If your prop takes exactly a 5mm shaft without an adapter it may work, but as it is, this works for no prop I own."
"Much smaller than I thought for the price. I guess our fault for not checking closer, but they are available for less than half of what we paid."
THE BALLOONS DIDNT EVEN FLOAT
Ink was completely dry and unusable. Had to return.
All of the decals come tremendously wrinkled so the product is not worth putting on your walls... For the price... I guess it's ok just throwing them in the trash.
Took forever to arrive and was broken into four pieces when it did
I received fake shopkins.
The variety was absolutely terrible. I got no skate stickers. 90% of them we just random childish cartoons. There were a few brand name stickers like North Face and Columbia. Waste.
These did not work for us! As soon as filled them they deflated! Do not buy! A waste of money!
"Tiniest stuffed animal I have ever seen. For the price I expected much, much more..."
The diameter is too small for a syma x5s just so everyone knows. These do not fit all x5's unless they just shipped the wrong ones.
"Not really interesting for my nephew, poor design and not really functional."
Terrible quality on arrived broke. Another broke while inflating. Would not recommend.
"It arrived with missing parts and all they could do for us was tell us to send it back!  Not a good purchase,"
"The rings came apart immediately, some of them even began to float."
Not sure if the holes weren't big enough but the water didn't come out very strong and I had my water hose on all the way. We ended up not using it. I don't think it was worth the money.
Received it broken. Bough it for my daughter. It is exceptionally low quality.
cheap quality.
"My 5 year old was so excited to get this for his birthday. It looks good in the box. But that's about it. It's horribly cheap. It should cost around $5. The sais, sword, bow and arrows all broke within ten minutes of playing with them. Very disappointing."
The seams burst out after just a few different times of using them. Really was disappointing as the reviews sounded so good about them.
The product come incomplete (1 part missing) and when I try to assemble two pieces broke with normal pressure. Never buy it again.
"This is a fun concept but doesn't work reliably.  We've played on carpet, hardwood, and outdoors on grass, and sometimes no matter how accurately you touch the target, it won't respond.  Frustrating."
cheap rubber... more than half are defective.

"Doesn't fit mine, the axels arms are too long.  Trying to exchange but vendor said no. I'm out $19.00!"
"Although the item was bright and colorful, it did not live up to my expectations. There were less than the promised 200 balls and several of the balls included had sharp edges or other flaws that could harm a child. In fact, I would like a full or at least partial refund on this defective item!<br />I've always been pleased with the items I've ordered in the past, so am very disappointed you let me down this time:("
"Our son received this aa a present and loved it, it was excellent. Then after 24 hours the track started to pull apart on one of the wheels. I wrote to AirHogs  whose only solution was to return it, they will not replace just the track. Very disappointed in the customer service.  As a gift I think we have to simply trash the toy, too bad Air Hogs, it sure was fun while it lasted.... Update:  I called the 1-800 number and spoke to someone in person, they are replacing the entire unit, so even though it broke at first, at least the company is sending a new one..."
I wanted an HO gauge and they sent this N gauge instead.  Bummer.  It was pictured with the HO gauge items and I did not notice the difference until after it had arrived.  I got sick shortly afterwards and now it's too late to send it back.
"First time I've ever felt the need to write a review, this car was that bad.  To be blunt - the car does nothing that it advertises it does.  It couldn't even handle the grass on my lawn, and the battery ran out within 5 minutes."
I started it and it flew super high in the air and then I landed it and two of the propellers snapped in half and then it skidded off the table so then I tried it on the ground and then I started it again and another  propeller snapped off again so then I replaced 2 of them and then I was pulling the other one off and it was super tight and then I pulled on the spot you use to take the propeller off and then it ripped of that whole section and it can't work with 3 propellers.=(  soooooo fragile and annoying! The one I got was probably a defect =(  Looked cool but didn't work well.
Well it really sucks  because the pictures showed it mint on card and when I got it the package was opened and damaged.the figures rifle was all twisted and bent. I was really planning on keeping him sealed. I'm might return it
This product came with one pot broken.  Not sure how I can ever get a refund
long delivery time .<br />counterfeit goods .<br />No complaint possible<br />learned the hard .
Terrible product. The ink is partially  on the balloon.  You  would  never  know  it was hulk.
The product was smashed and the box was ripped. The animal was in terrible condition
I love Melissa and Doug toys.  I purchase them for my twins boys and my nieces and nephews.  Unfortunately on this toy one of the yellow pieces that are kind of like a teeter totter on the bottom was installed upside down.  I didn't realize this until it was too late to return through Amazon. I went to investigate why one side is constantly getting stuck down and found that it was an issue with the manufacturing.
It was a very old product where the ends of the book is torn and some parts are even eaten up by insects
BOTH OF THE FIGUES I RECEIVED WERE NOT AS DESCRIVED  &#60; THE BOXES WERE RIPED AND THE ITEMS LOOKED TO BE USED &#62; went out for a replacements hope to get better items this time .
"The Zipline kit works great and was not difficult to install. However, I need the brake mechanism due to the incline in my yard. It did not turn up with the rest of the kit and has still not turned up. The kids are in danger of getting whiplash from the brake that I set up. If you are thinking of buying this kit, you should purchase it elsewhere without the brake since it is substantially cheaper."
Clasp will not stay closed and watch stopped working after 2 months.
"Terrible.  I initially received this as a gift for my daughter last Christmas. Upon opening and using it it immediately broke.  Anytime I tried to sew 2 pieces of the sew cool fabrics that i got together it would get stuck and the light would blink.<br />I emailed sew cool and did not receive a response until 3 months later when I already threw it out.  My daughter has been asking continuously for a new one so i finally bought one from amazon and received it 3 days ago. I had hoped my previous one was just defective.<br /><br />Unfortunately NO, upon opening the box and trying to sew the sew cool fabrics, it kept getting stuck and stopping. It appears that the machine cannot handle the thickness of its own fabrics.  My daughter is so into the sewing that she is literally just taking a piece of there fabric and running it through the machine without adding cotton or the other sides...Just so she could &#34;sew&#34;.<br /><br />Terrible product, would not recommend."
Balloons leaked and we lost all the balloons.  Was a horrible disappointment.
These were so small and they broke really easy
received out of box already had holes in bottom
"Defective Piece, the controller did not work at all, already a used piece with old batteries installed by a pre-user. No Return or Replacement provided till now. Was supplied X-103 instead of my order for X-102. Very Sad."
"I had posted a five star before realizing the slide had a blown off stem and was leaking air slowly.<br />Not able to repair since totally blew the stem off.  Only used about 4-5 times in less than a month.<br />Hope I can get something better, this one stinks!"
Returned. Price too high
"Really wanted to like this product and I didn't expect perfection but the ducks would not stay up very well, they had cracks where the water would get in then they wouldn't stay up at all. Bought them for our town carnival and will be looking for a different product for next year."
Not a puzzle at all. Very disappointed.
came with hole in plastic  unuseable
We returned this and another one just like it.  Couldn't get them to work.
A lot of money for a bunch a cheap plastic pieces.
The dog was smashed in a bag. His fur is matted and he isn't fluffy or as described.
"One out of the two ciruits did not work,  ordered the circuit accesory pack and one out of two did not work.<br />39.95 to get one circuit that works is not acceptable.  where can i just buy the battary container with the blue and red wire.<br />cant afford to do it the abo ve way."
We returned this.  We couldn't get it to work.
"If you know Ninjago (like my son does) you will know that these are not true Ninjago characters.  They may be Ninja warriors or something but they are not from Ninjago.  They are not the true Ninjago characters as their outfits, helmets, etc are all different.  We bought the Ninjago Character Encyclopedia for him and they are not listed/shown in there anywhere.  If you child wants a Ninja these would be fine.  A true Ninjago character...I would not recommend."
"The tent that I received has only two sides! Very, very different from what is represented in the picture. I was disappointed but kept it because my two-year-old grandson was here when it came and I let him open it, not knowing it was going to turn out to be half a tent. I am usually pleased with my Amazon.com purchases; not this time."
"If you read the listing, it does NOT say the bag is fire proof. It will not contain a fire it will make it worse. a LI-PO fire is very hot and most of this bag is made from plastic, just take a lighter to it inside or out, these things are more dangers than just charging your Li-Po in open air. I got this blue cell bag. When my friend told me I wasted my money I looked into it.<br />The inner lair of the bag my be fire resistant but the outside starts melting and burning very quickly.<br /><br />Trust me throw the bag away, it is a false sense of security."
broke same day.
"The balloon came defective, it had a hole in it. And after fixing the whole it popped not even 5 min after. Do not recommend this to anyone."
"I returned item, it is a cheap imitation of original rubic's cube.  You get what you pay for and I got a 1/2 price imitation with 1/2 the quality.  Thought it would break on first try."
Ball arrived pelling from seam. Cute but had to return
I was very disappointed in this product. Very cheaply made and not worth the money. Package came with a destroyed box as well. I was not able to give this as a gift as intended.
"Too large, terrible quality, overall, don't buy."
bought this item nearly 2 months ago for my Son who lives in Arizona.  the package came and he still has not gotten to use it as yet as the battery does not charge.  the issue is either the battery or the charger.  At this point i will have to spend another $10-$12 on a battery and charger and hope that resolves the issue.  very unsatisfied.  two months and still have not flown it.
The motor was super loud and the slide was leaking from two seams. We had to send it back. So disappointing when you set it up for a kids birthday party and it not inflate!
It does not WORK!!!  It would cost more to send it back than I paid for it!  I won't buy anything used anymore!
Had a hole in it when it arrived!! Waste of money!!!!!!!!!
Did not work as advertised and very difficult to get my refund.
"Chocolate was completely melted and it was a mess to get them open.. Also, toys were tiny. Not what was expected, and most definitely not worth the money."
"my son did not enjoy. Colors were supposed to mix into other colors, didn't work."
"There is either something severely wrong with Palladium Book's editing process or else the author did no research whatsoever for this book. This book ignores the Tv series (let alone the follow-on animation directly related to this product such as The Sentinels and Robotech: Love, Live, Alive) but also the canon comics such as Prelude to the Shadow Chronicles. Next to nothing in this book makes sense.<br />- The kludged together REF &#34;Destroids&#34; that use a mish-mash of parts from the Ajax, Spartas, Alpha and Beta Veritechs.<br />- The timeline as presented in the beginning of the book makes no sense as it leaves the Expeditionary Force sitting on their thumbs for fifteen years doing nothing while the Regess dominates the Earth, long after the REF killed The Invid Regent.<br />- The REF has intimate knowledge of both The Masters and The Invid, but none of the characters from the REF who return during The Second Robotech War bother to warn or inform any of the members of the United Earth Forces of these facts.<br />- An entire class of ships that are, according to the Tv series, at least 15 years old (and are even mentioned as being part of the REF mission when it left in 2022 in a previous RPG sourcebook) is now a single unique prototype. This despite the fact that the first ship of this entire class of battleships is shown in Prelude to the Shadow Chronicles.<br /><br />Unfortunately, what good there is in this book is severely outweighed by the pile of refuse that makes up the rest of the book. Palladium Books needs to consider another author for any future supplements."
SO hard to get the man into the base!  My husband and I have both struggled with it to no avail.  Now it's just taking up room in our garage.  Disappointing.
Disk got stuck within the first 15 minutes and we couldn't get it out.
"This is misleading, I looked at the photo and assumed I would get the pair not just one, so it was kind of a fail in my book"
"Ravensburger puzzles are high quality, have been buying them for my boys lately.  My 6 yr old has graduated to 200 piece puzzles, so I thought this race car design would be a hit.  It was...with him.  Mom, not so much.  Why not?  Because they've added a hidden creep factor!!!  Check out my pictures.  A ghostly hand and scary ghost faces in the building windows?  Really?? Absolutely floored - this has no business on a children's puzzle!  Ravensburger - you have explaining to do!  I will no longer be purchasing your puzzles!"
Trash don't buy it. It made with cheapest plastic on earth.
"I regularly purchase KMC Hyper Matte sleeves -- I currently own the red sleeves, and I have purchased the green ones in the past for my decks. Obviously, I'm a big fan of KMC sleeves.<br /><br />However, these were hot garbage.<br /><br />After shuffling them a few times with my EDH deck, I've had a side of the sleeve split, three corners come done, and several others I've had to dispose because of the bent corners of the sleeves that essentially &#34;marked&#34; the cards. I believe that these purple sleeves in particular are the culprits, as I've never had any sort of issues with the other colored hyper matte sleeves from KMC.<br /><br />Long story short: don't buy these. Get any other color. I highly recommend green."
"I was extremely disappointed in this product. The poles are not sturdy and are made of cheap plastic that can easily bend and snap. We had to tape it all up after one use and ended up throwing it away, as we felt like it wasn't safe enough for our toddler."
Neither candle played a song as advertised and one of the two candles didn't even open. I was very disappointed.
Several of the activity cards do not work. Error message plays after inserting cards and cannot be  cleared.
"I ordered this &#34;new&#34; set as a gift for someone and after they opened it at the event we discovered there were white poker chips missing and the deck of cards has only 42 cards and of the 42, 6 cards are from a different deck. EXTREMELY disappointing and even more embarrassing, ended up being a talk of amazon horror stories from everyone for the evening over things like this. I will never use Amazon for gift purchases again, they even put the cardboard cover back on the deck to make it look new!! Absolutely shameful."
Did not purchase
"Horrible substandard product.  Screws missing,  wood cracked and chipped.  Off balance -if one small child sits down the whole table flips.<br />Do not buy!"
What a piece of junk. This fell apart about an  hour after my son started using it.
It was horrible and cheap I couldn't even get the lock to open don't ever buy this
The water bollons dost not tie it self
"Rinky-dink. Not worth the price. Sound is weak, and does nothing else entertaining."
Most un-fun toy ever !  Didn't even work for 30 seconds.  Thanks little tikes for making my niece cry !
"Horrible, we recieved a pen and not a koopa shell as shown"
"We bought this for our 6 year old son's birthday in February 2015, and by May it was already experiencing glitches (and he doesn't even use it very often -- maybe once a week).  After connecting it to my computer and downloading updates, it still didn't work.  After THREE hours of trouble shooting, it miraculously started working again.  We have experienced even more glitches since then.  I would NOT recommend this item."
This item took weeks to receive since it comes directly from China. Then the quality was poor and the nesting pieces didn't fit together. Smelled awful as well. I tried to return but they asked for a 40% restocking fee and for me to ship it back to China. Or they offered $5. Not worth the trouble!
"I bought it excepting a better quality. I guess for the price it was a little naive of me. But if you are looking for something like the movies, don't bother. I am being a little harsh but I am a hardcore fan and was extremely disappointed. But if you don't care that much for similarities the quality is pretty descent and it is worth it in this case."
"89.95$ for a box a little bigger than my palm. Worth 13-15$ at most - and that because it is Hello Kitty. Back it went. Disappointed, as it was highly rated and it was my daughter's birthday gift."
"Total piece of junk. No spring in the handle makes this unusable. After squeezing your hand to close the grabber, you need to manually open the grip to use again."
Over 200 dollars? No offense but I would lower this cause no one is gonna buy it at a price like that but you can do what you want
The foil came off as soon as we opened the package.
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT - it did not work from the second we took it out of the box and put the batteries in. I had an extremely disappointed 3 year old on his birthday! This was a total waste of money.
Didn't work.
Not what I expected. Not to happy.
Not worth the money! The pens dried out within a week.
Plastic side cracked multiple places leaving holes in it.
So I bought two of these hatchetman necklaces for my brother and homie. They both randomly fell apart within the first week. Necklace seems like a fan string. The hatchetmans nice but falls off.
"disappointed, more like a harder plastic snake- NOT rubber."
Cheap imitation of real rubic's cube.
"it was,ntthat great"
Thought we were getting a dozen per pack - bought 3 (I thought a pack) for a church event and ended up with just 3 whirlers.  Very deceiving advertising!
"This was below me and my grandsons expectations,, opened the package and new it was junk.. I will not be using this company again.<br />This went into trash..  I ordered from another company and it was better in all areas, it even cost less..."
These rugs were not what I expected. They were NEON pink and very thin. They felt like throw blankets instead of rugs. They didn't fit in with the decor of my daughters room.
"Small! Cheaply made (bevy light weight) Didn't come with its shield (as advertised on box's) to complete transformation into truck $5 at full price at best. I have pictures, thought I could post them. Yet.  how? My son is 4yrs old. He felt it was a rip, but wouldn't let me send it back. Kids????? Update. Now I can post picks. As you can see its tiny and also I'm missing the shield that completes the vehicle transformation. I have it next to &#34;Rachet&#34;  and Rachet is much larger, better detailed and about $10 or 15 from target."
Didn't work!
Only worked for a couple of weeks at which time I returned item
"These were just regular earth toned crayons. I don't know what I was expecting, but this wasn't it. There's really no point to purchasing this if you already have the 48 crayon set."
I was very disappointed in this product! Only one Mylar ballon came :(
They are pretty and colorful. That's about it! Won't float upright. I bought them to play pick up ducks from water. A game for toddlers. Failure. They drew them from a bag instead to get a winner.
Do not buy this. Horrible quality.
"I got it for my kid, it spoiled him some how. Instead of being good he's just Darude."
Not what's shown in the picture. I was very disappointed in the item. It's missing the little stackable part and doesn't have all the pieces that fit into EVERY hole... Just a few. There's a circle piece that doesn't fit into any of the other shapes. There was also a trash piece. Won't purchase from you again.
Weird Legs. She cannot stand on her own. The hair prevents this. She has unusually long legs that do not close. Very limited articulation. Beautiful colors but a stiff and skinny Superhero. I would not recommend.
It is so small it is ridiculous!
Way to small for what I was looking for.
I was torn when it arrived and the head rest would not stay on so I returned it for another brand and style.
Tea set arrived broken!
I ordered this and got a solid black chair.
"It was a tiny, disappointing, piece of junk.  I ordered 10 and many arrived already cracked.  Way smaller then I expected.  I returned them all."
"Purchased from Hobby People does not work , it powers up but provides intermittewnt power to the receiver and will not power the motor , tested a differnet esc and it works fine"
I also bought the pirate set too and those puppets tiny as well. I kept sets but definitely not worth the price.
"The eggs are sturdy, I was excited to open them and see the different dinosaurs that the kids would be seeing, unfortunately they were all the same long neck dinosaur minus one T. rex.  I will definitely be returning them."
"It simply didn't work. I replaced the batteries, double-checked to make sure I had the batteries in correctly. Still didn't work. Very disappointing. It was for my grandson."
It stopped working after two days!
These a absolutely inferior. They are without a doubt the worst juggling balls I have ever come across. So sad.
"The charger only works when angular pressure is applied to the DC in, would not recommend."
Did not fly property<br />dangerous if windy
Did not work once I got them
"Yah, these are junk. I had to perform open chicken surgery after the first shot. Silly rubber band came unhooked and head flew off. It takes opening the poor guy's chest cavity to fix, then it wouldn't stay fixed. Fun noise, poopy toy. We got a frog and have had multiple monkeys that were all good, maybe gawd hates chickens?"
I bought these thinking I was getting a good deal. Totally wrong. I basically threw away 10 dollars. You can get the exact same type of balls 100 count for 5 bux at Walmart.
"When I installed and used on my X8C, they moved up and down on the motor shaft as if they were not thick enough. Also they made a terrible racket obviously as the blades would move up and down on the shaft based on the power being applied to the motor. All fittings used were stock. Wont purchase again."
"Not happy at all.......  It took forever to get here & then the product is nothing like what Costco has I thought it would be the same, but this raft does not hold me up and I only weight 140lbs.. It does not stay flat like the picture."
Does not work on my DVD player
The air nozzles pop out and open up on their own so it won't hold air and it doesn't stay upright in the pool...just falls over :(
"It did not fly like stated in description, It also was made very poorly and cheaply made. The wings broke off even though we were gentle with toy. What a DISSAPOINTMENT for my sons 9th birthday!!!!!!!! Not worth the money."
"When I open the box and assembled it I noticed that this product had 2 missing pieces. The box was sealed and the pieces inside a plastic bag, so it was not something that happened while shipping. The manufacturer created a faulty product. On top of that the print is really bad  Look at Elsa's forehead it is scratched"
"Suction cups do not work. Seller gives a lengthy explanation of cleaning process but after six months of cleaning and having the basket fall, I give up. This is not like any suction cup I have ever worked with. Seems like there isn't enough depth in the cups to make them hold up."
this car is cheap i have been to the rc shop a lot because it runs bad and when i get down to half a tank the car cuts out and i have to wait a while  to start back up
"Dull, scuffed lenses, uneven pupils... Crap stuff."
"This item came used, the box was torn up, poorly made product."
"Not meant for a car even though it says it in the title, which is why I bought it.<br />It is a paper sticker on a magnet backing, it will peel as soon as it sees a little rain."
"Really fascinating game (the Wikipedia entry for it is fascinating as well). I loved the game.<br />Unfortunately, the quality of these cards is terrible. The cheap paper was coated with some product to give it a glossy appearance, but whatever they used to coat the cards causes them to stick to each other. This makes dealing or arranging your hand very difficult."
"Would rate this book as half a start if that were possible... even a negative star...<br /><br />pros: The book is a good thickness, a nice page count, some of the art for the new races is good, some is okay...<br /><br />CONS: Palladium dropped the ball on this one really bad...<br />- Continuity: zero effort was put into checking the product for continuity errors- They list people dying 14 years before they did in the canon timeline.<br />-  Editing: next to zero effort was place into proofreading and error checking, Johnathan Wolfe's name is misspelled in many places, even alternating between the correct spelling and the wrong spelling on a single page. multiple contradictions exist within several pages.<br /> - Art: The art for the previously detailed Sentinels Destroids and Battlepods was heavily altered, to look like a kit-bash of random mecha parts (mostly Alpha arms and ajax heads) stuck together with a hot-glue gun. Chuck Walton is a great artist, but these things belong in a rifts book, not a Robotech one."
It didn't work. The materials were kind of cheap as well. Quick refund from Amazon
Bopper not Boppers.
Piece broke the first week My son played with it. Thelittle magnet pieces fell out. That's a huge child hazard.
It's too small and can't be maneuvered using the handle.travels only in straight line.what's worse is its such a pain to disassemble that I couldn't return it.
I ordered it and could not return it for the one with the proper connector. sure it works great but will not know.
"So disappointed it looks nothing like the one in the picture don't waist your money, it looks like it was undone there was string coming out of it ."
These broke apart after the very first use in the pool
"pure junk . lasted 3 days, does not even turn left ! total waste of money, stay away from this garbage."
But for my 5 year old on his birthday took us about an hour to assemble and the second he went to go pick it up and move it to his little toddler table it fell apart in his hands so then we decided to super glue it all together because that's what he wanted was it to be altogether not that he could take it apart and we did so and unfortunately he accidentally dropped it and because he dropped it a couple of the blocks snapped because the plastic is then on the blocks just feel like it was a waste of money he was so bummed he had a total of eight days before it was just garbage.
"The doll did not have any of the accessories (no cape or bow and arrow), it looks like the cheaper version of this doll. Very disappointed."
Not worth it. Kids could hardly slide on it.
They were all the same Shopkin. Thought it was odd
Too big and the smell is overwhelming
"They seemed cute, received as a gift. First they wouldn't both light up. Now I can't get them to stop lighting up. They are sitting in a toy box going off nonstop. I am hoping the batteries die soon."
They were not bey Blake's they were a knock off and not very good
I am so disappointed. These are not Original Shopkins. My daughter has been watching online to differentiate the fake from the real and after all the wait and anticipation.
Took a month to get delivered and our son barely ever played with them.
Very poor quality. Arrived broken and broke even more with minimal play.
Product not what was needed and also not so good. Didnt use much after first use. Daughter got very bored pretty fast. Amazon was great with refund. Amazon also let me keep product anyway!
it is too easy to twist it out of shape and it does not go back into the coil position.
The paper on this pad is NOT heavyweight as advertised.  It is actually thinner than the computer paper I use in my printer.  Very disappointed in this product.
"Extremely loud, won't work properly. Seems to be fake, wasn't given a refund or even a reply."
Broke when it got here and doesn't fly.
We used this pool for 3 days before it developed a leak. It looks like the liner is pulling away from the bottom ring causing the ring to deflate. The leak is much too large to try and repair. I recommend buying an Intex pool instead of this piece of junk.
Cheap phone.  Not a touch screen.  Hard to understand the accent of the voice that talks.  Not worth $8.
More than half of these products did not work
"Sorry to say, that after buying (2) of the exact same puzzle, One from a craft store, and one from the on-line company.  This is a very inferior product.  Both times either pieces were missing OR if you can believe this, I actually had 2 of the same pieces within the puzzle. I wanted this to be a picture on my wall, so it was worth it to me to try to buy a second puzzle.  The time, effort, and money makes me very sad."
"I'm so furious!!! I bought this battery, plugged it in and I ruined my quad. The battery had something wrong with it and now my whole quad is trashed! DONT BUY!!!!!"
These are total crap. Three of them were missing lenses.
Product over priced.  Described as 5x7.  This is the size of the card the car comes attached to.  Found similar item from toys r us for 6.99.  I had paid $23.00 for this one.  Will be returning the item.
The stickers were not put on well.  They had such big bubbles that it ruined the effect of the smooth metallic surface.  I returned it.
Looks alot bigger.... its very very small my 1 year old got stuck in it very disappointed....
Liked the lamp but thought I was ordering a taupe lamp and instead it turned out to be grey and I have nothing in my home grey.  So I returned it regretfully.  Loved it otherwise.
Poor quality - returned
"Seem split after 3 days of use. Tried to patch, virtually impossible to fix. Hopefully Amazon will stand behind this product, because the reviews suggest the manufacturer will not."
Took one charge and swelled up. Junk
Some came open and spilling the beans already.
"The item was 3&#34; wide. The picture made it look a lot larger, and with the price I expected it to be a normal size stuffed animal not a key chain size."
"First one arrived in pieces.  Replacement arrived in one piece, but is impossible to clean.  No matter how many times it is washed, you can see coffee stained water seeping out from under the shark."
"granddaughter loved it, however it fell apart before the first game was complete..so BOOOOO. She  was so disappointed"
"To add a 3.75-inch Ant-Man to my collection, this $20 rip-off was my only option. I have no interest in the big ant; I didn't even take it out of the package. I did notice that it doesn't have the harness that Antony has in the movie. Everyone is complaining that their ant's legs fall off. Well, my Ant-Man's right leg falls off. I can pop it back on, but it is so loose it falls off again if you try to hold him by that leg. I wasted a lot of time and effort to return it for an exchange, only to have the same issue. So, $20 for a figure with a defective design."
So not worth the price. Wheels don't even move!
These are small & thin and rip easily. They were packaged well but some tiles were dirty. As if a car tire drove over it. Waste of money.
This thing broke within the first 10 seconds of flight.  Cheaply built.
"We had to replace the one we bought at Kohl's. This is NOT what Kohl's was selling! The tag says Kohl's but the weight is different and it seems smaller. We can be wrong, let's see if the grandchild knows."
"Don't get me wrong, this is a nice figure, but I had ordered a Deathclaw figure."
Couldn't hear out of them and they wouldn't stay in het tablet
"Just opened the box and right away noticed that the product length seemed much shorter than 24&#34;. Measured it and sure enough they were only 14&#34; long. So one star for inaccurate information, or did receive the wrong product? The anchors do look and feel good quality though.  Planning to return it."
"This was a pain to put together. The doors fit too tight, the screws are about an inch longer than they need to be, the set up is not fun. The noise maker just screws in and doesn't even blend in with the oven top.  My child who LOVES play kitchens, will play with this for all of 2 minutes before just walking off to play with the plastic plates or pizza pieces it came with. I really wish I would have opted for another play kitchen.  Maybe even a different model of Little Tikes.  I always buy Little Tikes items, and this is the first that I have to say... I hate. :("
The updated version is terrible. Way too easy for kids...holes are larger. Buy the original version!!
one of the six broke right out of the box not the most durable water toy. Honestly the dollar store version was just as good and 1/3 the price.
Wouldn't stay inflated
Hit or miss whether it works.  Remote is awful but toy is cute.  Just don't expect it to follow you or do any tricks.
"This item was properly packaged, and arrived on schedule.  My complaint is about the design - the bucket comes unattached to the operating handle so that it would fit in a smaller box.  The user slides the handle into place behind the bucket.  The two attachment points are so poorly designed that they come out as soon as the bucket is used.  This makes the loader useless.  I am very disappointed in Tonka."
"Overlooked the fact they were polyester. Cotton bandanas are the best for my needs. My mistake, not the product. I get the one star!"
polyester material makes hard to wear more than 10 min.<br />My boy complains its too hot
"I would not recommend this product! A large portion of the balloons leaked from the top closing as soon as they were filled up. Only a few out of the 2 boxes we used actually popped when thrown at someone, they just bounced off."
Not easy to use for a 6 year old as far as decorating.  Not worth the money.
Puzzle does not contain 1000 pieces as described. This is only a 500 piece puzzle. Also the actual puzzle size is 20 x 20 inches.
"Item was described as &#34;Very Good Condition&#34;. Let's see... all scratched, stickers faded, missing parts and small other detail... simply not working even after trying multiple fresh batteries... oh boy.. would love to see what would be an item described as &#34;poor condition&#34; then...."
This doll is really ugly! When it is out of its cheap pjs and hat (as most dolls end up) it looks like an alien that needed a little more time in the womb. It has purple skin and its body is permanently curved so it looks like it has a hump back/neck. It was the perfect size for my toddler and I liked that it was anatomically correct but I couldn't stand to look at it. Also it's &#34;parts&#34; are itsy-bitsy.
It wasn't the thing that I wanted bc of the name
these are like little crumbs i expected them to be bigger.
these were misrepresennted.  The ad read that they were 2&#34;x2&#34;x1&#34; approximately and when we received them they were 4&#34;x4&#34; Not what we wanted at all.
Low quality cubes.  I returned them.  Pay a little more and buy them individually for a better experience.
The rope is good but the handler came off the first day my granddaughter use it
It was broke when I received IT!!!
"Stickers are stickers, there usually isn't much to say. Unfortunately not a single sticker lined up with the cut out, so we had a ton of stickers with a body and no head or a head and no body. Other than them ending up being a complete waste of money and a disappointment to my four year old, they were cute before being peeled."
Do not waste your money on this product. It is extremely cheap made. I bought it as a birthday gift for my 3 years old and he could not enjoy it for a minute. It broke while trying to install the tracks and the wagons lose their wheels.
Bottom split after an hour of play and top split within the next half hour.  Wouldn't recommend this to anyone.
"Extremely disappointed. It looks like a 5 year old painted these. Some parts have so much paint in one area, others are half painted. Some have black eyes. Some are painted all over the place"
"The item was not clean and did not work! We were expecting a brand new LED jump rope but when it arrived it was extremely dirty up near the handles. Pulled out the tab to let the battery make connection and it didn't work. Bought brand new batteries to see if it just came with dead batteries but those didn't work on the jump rope either. I would NOT suggest to anyone to buy from this store. I paid $6 plus about the same for shipping, the item never worked, it was filthy, and to top it all off they don't accept returns. I feel like I just got scammed."
"Girls loved but kinda junky imo, lol"
Two right hand bruh
"Bought 4 of them as gifts and none of them actually produced :(<br />Had it been just one or two, I would have thought perhaps user error.....but definitely not four!!!"
I just don't get it.  The purpose of this thing is not very apparent to me. It's so tiny and the games they say to play with it are lame and don't even need this to play. There are simple homemade alternatives.
The volume on the larger owl is  hardly laudible. My grandchild was terribly disappointed! !!
The worst puzzle I have ever bought from Ceaco! Pieces are thinner than normal and were coming apart. I had to glue many before I could use them. Glue seemed to be splattered on the top of pieces. On a humid day the pieces started to warp! I won't trust this company as I once did.
The kite &#34;stakes&#34; did not fit well together and we had to tape them to hold them in place.  Within 15 minutes of flying the kite the stakes broke and we had nothing..  Terrible experience
Small and parts wont stay together
"The wheels barely turn and the trucks are made of heavy plastic molded to the board making turning nearly impossible.  It has nice Ninja Turtle graphics, but as a skateboard it fails utterly."
Delivered with a hole in the arm and was unable to be blown up.
Paint rubbed off all over me was horrible to get it off and it would not stay inflated even 1 hour.  I had to rent a tube. Family vacation ruined!!!!
The pieces are really small.
I only recieved 6 boxes if crayons. It said a whole sale box of 48 boxes. Im VERY DISAPPOINTED! I'm on a budget and didn't get what was advertised or what I thought I was buying. Now I hav to return wait for a refund then start all looking all over.
"I received this item in return for my review. I was excited to give it a go, BUT I was looking at the description.. Soft. I am a Child Passenger Safety Technician Instructor. I help parents learn how to use car seats and booster seats correctly to help transport their children safely in a vehicle until such a time that they fit the adult seatbelt. We discourage the use of any additional products in the car, from dangling toys to mirrors and secondary video screens. The general rule is not to use anything you wouldn't hit your child with because it can come loose and do just that in a crash, with crash forces applied. I normally test products by whacking my husband with it when he's not expecting it. I must have reason to believe it could be safe before doing such. Hitting him with this would've been assault."
Terrible product. Broke the retainer and the spring broke out after 3 starts.
So messed up.
"i would give no stars if i could. This product came broken, did not match the dimensions given, The beads did not match the picture (so much so that they couldn't fit inside the game to close it). It wasn't varnished like it is in the picture either. They promptly refunded it without and a return and i chucked it in the trash"
"I bought this for my daughter.  She loved it; it looked just as pictured.  Unfortunately, the zipper broke within 1 day of use (and that use was just prepping it for future school use).  If it was worth the bother, I would request a refund or replacement."
My ants died the next day😫
The shoes came apart at the soles in the first week. I have had to glue the bottoms of the shoes twice now. I could not return shoes because they have a no return on this shoe. I don't feel anyone should buy theses shoes.
Smells terrible.  Cheap print.. probably not licensed.
Horrible!!! Looked nothing like the picture and ridiculously small.
Too small.
"Very disappointed with the mermaids! They are so small, you could fit all of them in a ziplock snack baggie. Price should be about $10."
"I bought this as a gag gift, I would never endorse Joel Osteen's theology or silly ideas of positive affirmations. The game is ridiculously dumb, but was just right for a good belly laugh as we read the instructions and tried to play."
"was not foam, contained tons of small pieces.  Children were not able to do this activity without assistance.  Very frustrating for them."
did not fit quadcopter it was recommended for
Does not nearly make high enough sprinkles! Very dissapointing!
"Very poor quality, puzzles don't stay together, easily comes off and they are some pieces meesing.  I wish I could get my money back."
The battery doesn't stay charged even after u charge it all night ....very lagging and slow
BOTH OF THE FIGUES I RECEIVED WERE NOT AS DESCRIVED  &#60; THE BOXES WERE RIPED AND THE ITEMS LOOKED TO BE USED &#62; went out for a replacements hope to get better items this time .
I bought other stars that glow awesome.  These stars and moon don't glow at all.  They are not cool
It said comes with cards and it only had 1 card. And dead batteries. Not worth hastle of ordering. Unhappy birthday girl.
Quick and boring version of monopoly. Might be great for kids.
"What should have been easy assembly turned into a fiasco.  It comes with two hose connectors, but only one is needed.  However, one wouldn't know that, as they have the two connected together in the package.  My fiance sat outside trying to force them together with channel locks until we realized that we only needed one of them.  By that time, he practically had the two fused together and had to force them back apart.  Luckily, the one we needed wasn't ruined.  After finally getting everything inflated and together, the kids had their fun.... That is, until the inflatable pad popped within about 30 minutes, and it was NOT over or under inflated.  I remember my original slip-n-slide back in the day lasting several summers.  This is a joke."
Very cheaply made.
didn't work at all upon arrival and was not able to return. i've reached out to company but haven't heard back. $90 for a birthday gift down the drain.
"If I could leave zero stars I would. The product is something you would buy at a Dollar Tree and expect it to break before even getting home, it was non playable, I sent it back the second I got it. How someone could think this product is worth 15 bucks is incomprehensible. I spent an extra 5 dollars and bought a First Act guitar with Disney's Planes on it, I highly recommend purchasing it instead."
This in no way looks like gum.  They are candies.  Unable to return because shipping is a much as product.  Would not order again.
Don't waste your time buying this! I bought one for my daughter for christmas. The first time she played with it...it popped! She also got another one as a gift from someone else and it popped rt away!
Didn't work. Charged it and it lasted 5 minutes. Charged again and it lasted 5 minutes.
TERRIBLE!!! WASTE OF MONEY!! FAKE IMAGE!!! NOT THE REAL BALL!!!
To much paid for this small of an item
It didn't even work. It was broken.
I bought this for my daughter's birthday cake.  The figures came with paint chipping off.  The picture shows the figures able to fit on the cake stands.  I'm not sure how they got this picture because none of the figures will fit or stay in place.  They are all top heavy and fall over (except red one).  They are falsely advertised.  I will definitely be returning this product.
Doesn't show up very well on a tinted car window.  I bought this to write &#34;just married&#34; on a friend's car and it barely shows up.
Hard for kids to use
Sizing was awful<br /> Did not fit right at all.
"They filled, they came off, and than all the water leaked out of 75% of them.  Total waste of money.  I found the company that has all green balloons worked perfectly.  Don't purchase."
"Arrived broken, returned and received a second defective one."
Cheap!
I would have loved this unfortunately it was damaged had to replace it but don't let that hold you back it still was a stunning piece of novelty can't wait to get this item I'm still in love with it.
"Cute, but did not stick😕"
Their cute to look at but very cheaply made
These letters didn't work for me because they came folded in half which absolutely ruined them.
"The house was delivered on July 29th.  We have 3 small kids that played in it for 3 days and then I noticed air coming out of multiple seams.  I am not sure if the air is supposed to be leaking out or not.  The house stays inflated, but the air leak is concerning.  One of the leaks near the end of the slide makes a gentle whistling noise.<br /><br />The house fits nicely in our large family room. Our kids are 9, 3, and 2.  The oldest only weighs 65 pounds. The 2 youngest really enjoyed it. I'm not sure how any of them could have caused multiple air leaks thru normal bouncing and sliding.  Maybe I just got a defective product?<br /><br />I think this would be a 5 star product if it wasnt for the leaks."
"This prop protector is not flexible, so when you crash it doesn't flex like it should and the protector fractures and or pieces break off. I managed to keep mine together with superglue until there wasn't  enough material to glue it back together. :("
it was brokeing couldnt run it at all
"Avoid!  ASSEMBLY Assembly from pics was sometimes hard to interpret into reality.  Assembly of the powertrain chain was a drag.  OPERATION Getting the little car to complete the circuit was VERY tricky.  Get this - you have to get the bend in in the track just right or it won't work.  If the bend is too sharp, there isn't enough momentum conserved in the car and it won't pass the next corner.  Also, many of the track stabilizer bits COME OFF after small vibrations (such as the passing of a small car on the track); the effect is that the car won't make it around the next time because now the bend in the track is a little bit off.  Finally, my son got so in-tears frustrated he trashed the whole thing into bits (he's never done that before with a regular-sized k'nex or LEGO).  So, please do not buy this if you value your own sanity.  However, if you want to teach your children about dealing with real life challenges such as dealing with multiple reappearing annoying problems and tedious tasks, this is for you (not me)."
"Bought this at GenCon 2015.  Seemed like a neat idea.  Got it home and low-and-behold, the website domain to download the app is gone and these dice are worthless."
"Waste of money - I got these at Wal-Mart on sale for only $9.98, still not worth the money. The balloons were small when they fell off the sticks (the biggest being the size of a golf ball); approximately 10 of them didn't fill at all; they all started immediately losing water and were too small to even break when thrown, no matter how hard, they just bounced. They were more like small projectiles. They did fill up fast but were completely worthless."
"I was very disappointed and was unable to use the boas.  The  &#34;coral splash&#34; boas turned out to be &#34;pink&#34;!!!  I am an event planner and the boas did not match any of my other CORAL decorations.  It was hectic to have had to scramble to find something else to coordinate, on short notice.  It was stress that I definitely did not need want or need."
One of the motor stopped working after first week play with it.
this s*** is real don't buy this its a gate way to hell wat ever u do don't burn it Barry it nowwwwwwww..
The sizing is way off. I would say this fits like a 7/8.  The tail is not a hard tail.  It is very floppy.  I ended up ripping the foam tail  out. It has not held up well too!!!  I should have just order the mermaid fun fin tail.
Broke immediately
total waste of time and $. Took forever to figure out the best way to get the tattoos to work (the instructions were worthless) And still only the solid stencils like a crab turned out ok. Anything with small details or lines just wouldn't stay on the skin.
ugh.
No 4-Leaf Clovers grew!  Just a pot full of regular clovers.
"sucked. Had to return it. Nothing seemed to work as advertised. When it fell on it's face it couldn't right itself. It was hard to train. It fell over a lot, especially in reverse."
It came in the mail and didn't work
"These bean bags all broke apart, some within the first hour of use.  I'd like to get a refund!"
"When I went to have these filled, 2 out of the 3 had holes in them!  I was unable to use them for my son's 1st birthday party."
This was an extremely upsetting buy! We followed the directions but...More than half of the balloons deflated in the water before the balloon fight even started. It was my son's birthday party and they were very upset as the balloon fight was the main event. Will not be buying this brand ever again.
"Very bad quality thing, the disk is not rolling and the plastic is extremely thin, it's got broken after falling on the floor from the hands of my 3 years old daughter."
I was disappointed with this item.......it was much smaller than I expected.....the blocks are tiny and poorly made.<br />I would not recommend this to anyone.i
TWO batteries are clearly pictured. Hence the reason why I went with this package vs others. I only received ONE. And the one I did get shorts out the second you hit throttle. It would cost me more money to return than just purchase somewhere else. False advertising and defective battery = 1 star for me.
"bussetoy  ruined my favorite jaeger in the movie. this figure had a poor paint job rubbery joint and a weirdly shaped head on the back of the packaging it showed the hand opened mine had fists. there is no ab crunch my figures head does not move there is no detail on the top of the head the color on the figure was bland, there was no weathering effect on it. I was very disappointed for how this figure turned out"
Disappointed ... Sonics shoe  buckles were both off and his back wasn't sewn all the way...
I regret buying anything from amazon my toy for my son was delivered with out a input piece for the charger as well as it doesn't work it just blares out the same sound constantly
not to cute and made cheap.
this is really bad donet by is
"I've made a big mistake getting this. NO foils,rares, OR EVEN UNCOMMONS. JUST commons. There's also lots of duplication's as well as 1 basic land, 1 token card and 3 Japanese cards. If you need to build up your collection just pay a little extra and get the &#34;1000 Assorted Magic: The Gathering Cards Gold Collection&#34; instead. I got that one before and it was at least worth buying."
Doesn´t work properly. Cheap finished.
Slinky lights never worked. Threw the slinky away. I would give zero stars if that were an option. Not the first time I've bought something from Amazon that didn't work or was missing parts.
I purchased this item alone with a gale and only got the blackwing gale and no Solem warning
"Terrible toy, thought it would have great given the reviews!"
This thing sucks. It does work but it doesn't follow standard dimensions and tooth count. Had to order replacement because it didn't fit my Senior Project design. No active website or reference/support from this company. Do Not Buy!!
"Ordered this product and one whole side was missing the holes so I had to use wood glue and nails to keep it together plus one of the silver handles was cracked. Would have returned it but my girls were watching me put it together and they would have been so disappointed. Instead Im disappointed I kept this item and did not return it, it looks like an old piece of junk and its brand new. I did not try to contact the company so they did not have a chance to rectify the situation."
Not very happy a present for my grandson and was rip l had to stich it
It will not even go through short grass and the range is horrible
"Like the other reviewers, we bought this train at the gift shop in a zoo. It is a total piece of junk. The flimsy plastic track doesn't stay connected and I'm sure, won't last long. The trains barely stay coupled with the slightest bump derailing the whole thing. Even my 3 1/2 year old train enthusiast said it wasn't a very good train after playing with it for about 15 minutes."
"Ship from China, take weeks to arrive. All of ours were defective. The rubber bands that seal the balloons were too loose. As soon as they disconnect from the straw the water leaks out the top faster than 5 kids can grab them out of the bucket. Disappointed."
"Fun to own, terrible to use"
It fell apart right out of the box.
This did not work correctly since we have had it.  We have replaced batteries twice hoping that it would work properly with no luck.
There was no winner it was a disappointing and embarssaing at the bridal shower.
These were what I was looking for but they are really a one-time-use as they leak once opened.
Broke within 20 minutes of playing with it
These work about 1/2 of the time :(
Markers were dried out
to small and don´t look great
These letters came to me folded in half which ruined them and made tgem unusable.
Got the package today....so disappointed the box  was open and not even any plastic protection inside the box...go figure out it was so dirty and looks so old and used with all tjose dirt attached to it.. This is my first review ever...and i am not Happy at all....my money is gone that is not even worth it...so small in actual appearance.😥
"I used the battery once. And when I tried to charge it, it inflated and didn't work any more."
"Ordered an oil painting kit, and received 2 packs of minature glass fish instead. Thankfully Amazon refunded my money, because Holdfound no longer had the kit in stock."
Dangerous!!!!!!<br />My friend bought this. My baby fell many times!!!!This should be 4 feet!
"Its very cheaply made and the paint basically rubbed off but nice for a last minute gift fast, the glitter got on everything the heresy kiss was smashed the rose feel apart"
Beware of Counterfeits !<br />cheap scrap .<br />not working properly .
junk
Broke within 90 days  very disappointed
"Received two old, unusable batteries with writing on labels.  Very disappointed,  I want my money back."
Crap
Only received partial package. Less than advertised. Better off buying a complete set with hose connection.
Unusable..
Wish I had read the other reviews before buying.  The size is way too small (size of beads not shown anywhere in product description).  The quality of the beads is also very poor - lots of tags - sharp.  Bought for my grandchildren to use but even though they are 7 & 8 they were totally frustrated.  Even Grammy gave up trying to make something.  The tray is flimsy.  If I had not opened the package I would return it - I will be donating to Good Will and let their buyer beware.
This plane was the most worst plane I have ever had it would not fly and it is not worth the price do not buy it
This was terrible it ripped after the 3rd time using it!! Don't waste your money!!!! 😩
"ordered 4. Very poor sound. Time to record too short, about 5 sec! very disappointed in products."
fell apart before the performance begain.Dog looked nothing like the picture.
It came apart after only a handful of uses
Won't fire out of my Stryfe because the tips are to pointy and the dart heads come off really easily.
"When I went to put the first pair on, the first one went on fine but the second one broke and beads spilled all over the floor.  So I couldn't even wear them and have no idea if they stand up to actually being worn.<br /><br />I know these are not expensive but I'd rather pay a little more so that I get a product that can be worn AT LEAST ONCE. Geez!"
way over priced
Didn't even fit her high chair way to small
Where sand bags attach to bouncer riped a hole on the first use this is not worth the money
You can so tell by this pictures that theses figures are all fake. 😕 Do your research before buying a figure you want. I didn't buy them but I thought everyone should know.
ThIs was the biggest price of junk. Didn't work from the first time we tried it. Not worth it to send back for refund.
Wish I would have read the reviews before I wasted my money.  They are way too big for an infant and children who are walking can't use them either.  The yarn looked like fine crochet thread to me and it is average weight yarn.  They are not cute at all.  the colors are pink and bright red making them look really cheesy.  Never again.
Item was not what is pictured.  I thought I was buying what the picure was but a skateboard unit came instead. My grandson was very disappointed
"I'm highly disappointed in this purchase! I gave it as a gift to my 3yr old niece for her birthday. My brother and SIL said it came as just a huge box of pieces - no instructions, no ideas to use, nothing. I will not purchase these ever again. I'm so embarrassed!"
"These &#34;mood rings&#34; were terrible quality. I expected them to be a pretty cheap quality ring (which they were), but I did expect them to change color as stated in the description (which they did not…at all)! I tried on every single one and only two had even the slightest variation in color (and I tried each one when I was very warm and again when I was cold standing under my air-conditioning vent). The individual packaging and mood code were nice. It's such a disappointment they did not work at all. Luckily Amazon was so easy to return and I'll try another product, but what a waste of time and so embarrassing these are even sold."
"put this in my fish tank, and it only works for 5 mins then stops, doesn't go back on, doesn't make any sense, u have to keep turning it on"
It was so paper thin. That was not put in the description. It was more like a part hat but it was put out there as an authentic cowboy hat
not good for a birthday bag. very small. nothing fit inside.
"DON'T BUY THIS!  All you will receive is one balloon, even though it specifically says and shows that you should receive 5 balloons."
It stopped working after just a couple of days. We received a replacement item and it stopped working within a couple of weeks. My daughter only used it 3 or 4 times. This purchase was a big mistake.
It broke when I hooked the hose up
it did not work
"Bought it for my 4yr old's birthday, and it has completely different decals on it. It doesn't have enough power to move in much other than cement, carpet or a hard flat surface. It cannot climb up a sloped curb very well. The second time my son was using it, my 2yr old picked it up, and dropped it from waist level (~2ft high) right on the tires and it broke. It wasnt a throw, just a drop and one of the tires broke off. I don't think it should have broken that easily, it didn't land awkwardly. The suspension looks like it could handle a fall on all 4 tires, but it seems very fragile and doesn't have the pep a small car like this should. It has great suspension, but its not powerful enough to use it. It stopped in bark dust, grass, and even got stuck in the space between two (new) slabs of cement sidewalk. Rear wheel drive doesn't get the job done on any surface that would require the suspension. I was willing to overlook all of that because it did work well enough for my son, but after it broke I am very disappointed."
The trucks won't turn. Guess it will be a trophy
Not very bright .  Not worth it to purchase
Didn't realize this had to be attached to a wall. So not quite what I expected. Cars go so fast you can't even see them and not all hot wheels cars work on this product.
"does not glow at all in the dark, or with black light, either."
The edge's are not as clean as the image would lead you to believe.
"Horribly disappointed! Sent this as a gfit for our 3yr old niece and my brother and SIL said all they received was a huge box of JUST the pieces -- no instructions, no idea/project boards to use, nothing. I'm so stinkin annoyed and mad about this purchase!!!!!!!"
"My 9 year picked this game as a reward for getting her bloodwork done. Personally, I'd rather get stabbed with a needle than have to play it again. There are way too many elements and instructions. Keep the instuction manual handy because we had to refer to it at just about every turn. Even then, it's confusing. Not like original Life at all."
"Toddlers could not even put these hats on because the elastic stamps were so small. I don't know who the manufacturer used as an example for measurement, but these could not even be used. I bought 2 packs. Hopefully this was a defective batch I bought. What a huge disappointment!"
"Have bought several robot kits from various manufacturers, so we are not new to this. But this one is, by far, ithe worst.  Difficult to put together, instructions are minimal and the pieces just don't stay together."
"THE PIECES DO NOT STAY TOGETHER. Directions are very bad and even after gluing the pieces with much difficulty, they would not stay together.  Granddaughters were very disappointed, and I wasted my money. Super frustrating! Would give 0 stars if that was an option."
I used it yesterday when i got it. Worked great loved it. Then i go to shot it today works then breaks outa nowhere. Darts wont shoot now. I was going to buy a nerf gun but then i saw this looked up reviews and people said they were better and durable. Big disappointment.
would have returned it but too late the birthday was the day after I​ got it. Cheap cars and poorly made
This toy is a nice concept but does not work in reality. It is so extremely fragile that my 3 year old daughter cannot play with it. What good is a toy that she can't touch. She is simply sitting ponies in it and pushing them down the slide. She does not play rough with it but with one wrong touch it falls apart. I would not recommend this toy to anyone with children who actually want to play with it.
to many duplications there was up to 30 of the same card
"The concept of this puzzle is great, but the execution is very poor.  The internal mechanism on this puzzle (or the particular copy that I received) locks up so frequently that it makes solving the puzzle a tedious exercise in just trying to get a layer to turn in a particular direction.  Sometimes you need to spend 10 or so seconds just &#34;unlocking&#34; the turn so that you can complete the move.  It disrupts the whole flow of a sequence and often leads to a distraction that derails the particular sequence or move.<br /><br />For those who are familiar with other cubes, this is not the conventional &#34;lock up&#34; that occurs when you try to execute a sequence too fast and end up turning one layer into another.  This is a lockup in the internal mechanisms that allow the puzzle to turn.  It's a little hard to articulate without seeing the inside of the cube, but you can tell from the sounds that something has caught.  This happens even when you are only turning the cube like a conventional 3x3x3, and not utilizing the turns unique to this puzzle which allow for turning corners when they are positioned in the center of the middle layers (45 degrees into a turn).<br /><br />I returned the unit I got and will not purchase another."
Seems like a great concept but in reality this air flow is so light that the bubble just drift out & float to earth without any interesting (for my dog at least) action.  Total waste of money.
It looked liked it was photo copied.
What a poor quality
cheap kite you can get at the dollar store
I bought 2 so far only 1 works but cuts in and out! As I have seen on other reviews they have some problems. Purchase at own risk! If you get a good one it works great. My neibors have issued same.
Lights did not work after 1/2 hour of use.  Cheap costume
These things are soooooooo tiny!:(
It won't stay together and isn't PVC as we tried to glue it with plumbers PVC glue. I sure wish it worked because it would be fun if it did.
"Very disappointed. I got a game that looks used,  Game damaged. The box was taped. Not at all what we expected, the picture is different."
For 200.00 you would think it would come with the right battery charger for the US
My dog is 100lbs & it pretty much held him above water but he bit it the first day & punctured it.
Balloon was unable to be used due to hole.
very weak on articulation and when i tried to move the arm the joint just tore right off which it isn't supposed to do and i think it is too small
"The 'machines' and contraptions that are built fall apart immediately, and some can't be built at all because of the poor, loose fit of the pieces.  Some of the designs don't even seem possible if the pieces did fit together.  I have three different GoldieBlox sets bought on clearance, and this is the best one, unfortunately.  In my opinion, these sets undermine my daughter's confidence in engineering and building because these unworkable toys scream that they are designed by a woman engineer for girls (cringe-worthy).  I know women engineers could do better and the pieces could certainly be manufactured with tighter tolerances."
"If I could give it negative stars, I would!  It does not crush ice. It does not even come with any syrup or mix to make a slurpee - you go buy all the ingredients.  What's the point of this thing?  Go buy an actual slurpee somewhere, then pour it in this machine to watch it dispense - that's basically all it's for.  Better yet, save your money & don't buy this thing at all.  Just go buy a real slurpee if you want one."
"Well I was very disappointed, it says in the heading Donald Duck &#34;CRYSTAL&#34; Puzzel............Well how shocked I was, when I opened it and it was ...... &#34;PLASTIC&#34;.  NOT HAPPY !!!"
$2995!?!? You got to be kidding me
"Not what I expected, didn't realize they were decorations.  I bought them thinking kids would be able to wear them like regular play adhesive mustaches. Regardless, they didn't come with nearly enough adhesive even for just decorations."
"In the picture the bat ears are pin straight. The actual figure had uneven bending inwards. Other than that, cool figure."
My son wanted this so badly for his room. The first one arrived and didn't work at all. Wouldn't even turn on. We exchanged it for another one. That one worked for about 5 minutes and then stopped. We sent that one back for a refund. We would still like to find one...that works. We will not attempt to purchase this brand again.
"Extremely disappointed. Ordered 2 boats. Upon opening the first box (which had been modified using a cardboard piece to cover the gap when the flaps didn't meet), discovered one of the propellers was broken. Opened the second box and, after charging the transmitter discovered it would not go forward--just left, right, and backwards. The transmitter that actually worked in the other box loses its charge within a very few minutes. I guess you get what you pay for, as the expression goes,--inexpensive but not worth a penny."
The one I got had three centerpieces that had fallen off.  I returned it.  Poor quality control.  Maybe look at another brand or take your chances.
A Defective product with buttons not working and feeder mechanism malfunctioning.
"This gun keeps jamming and when it doesn't, it only shoots about four feet. If you bring this gun to a Nerf fight, you are going to get creamed."
Dont want to even give it a star
Didn't realize how small these are.
I expected flimsy hats (they are cheap after all) but these arrived dirty and with crooked decals. My hands got black smudges all over them from handling the hats. I had to go through and clean each one to be able to use them at a children's party
It arrived broken and did not work!
Don't work!
Can't get the kids portion up and running (and I work in tech) and there is absolutely no support for this product
Leaked right out of the box.  Absolutely terrible!  Our grandchildren were so excited to get it that my husband tried to patch.  A piece of junk!
I ordered the larger size so a $50 Dollar Bill would fit and Amazon sent me the smaller cheaper size that holds only a Gift Card it looks used and flimsy and cheap very disappointed
"Horrible.  We gave it to my son for Christmas and it was broken in two places before we could even fly it (Unbreakable??!!)  We had to buy replacement parts, but now the batteries don't recharge.  We did get to fly it a couple of times and it was very hard to fly if there is any wind at all.  Big waste of money."
It just perfect n I really love it
We recived wrong order
"I got these hoping my one year old could play with them for awhile but they only lasted one use before the crayons themselves were falling out of the little adorable holder.  Not impressed.  If you want them for a one time use, maybe get this, but otherwise pass."
"Did not even have it 24 hours and the wheel broke off. My daughter is only 15 months, so all she did was just push it around. So I glued the wheel until I can get her a different one."
Tread wheels broke in the first day of use and I had it fixed but then it broke again by just driving it forward
"Awful aweful, this thing is clunky and comes apart at the slightest provocation! It's already in the trash and my lil guy just got it about a month ago. The only thing we kept was the bench, tree, merry go round and the people. Waste of money!"
"Although the color looks like a light beige, the actual color is a murky green. Very disappointed since I purchased it to display it in my living, believing the color was as it appears in the advertised pictures."
No they don't even pop when you throw them.
"When we received this ring we quickly went outside to throw around.  We discovered there was no way to play with this in a neighborhood.  It goes a long way with very little effort, but it has a hard shell within the rubber which could easily scratch a car, injure someone or even break a window.  We then took the ring to the school near us and had a great time with it as the claims of distance they give are definitely possible.  Six and nine year old boys  could throw this a long ways.  In the next two weeks we took it to parks and other schools.  Everyone who threw it was impressed and could not believe the distance it traveled and how easy it was to catch.  Then the BUMMER!  The inner black rigid part covered with rubber broke just from normal use.  Sure, we can still use it but the only thing holding it together is a little bit of the rubber surround.  This ring was a 5+ when we first got it but having broke in the first two weeks, I can only give it a 1 star.  With the design as it is, not sure how this company will have very many repeat orders.  We were very disappointed.  Returning for refund."
It's a piece of junk...doesn't charge multiple batteries as advertised
Really small
It is contained in glass which is dangerous if you are barefoot.
"Fake. Not original. Every time my 5 yr old kid sees the original friends m Bandai, it says &#34;dad, this is the real one, not the one you gave me&#34;. Feels and looks very cheap. Joints are loose."
Poor quality
